It 's like that at most public boards . I wonder if one of the victims opened the door to their apartment for some reason . com/watch ? v = KrdyCxpB4fs And then the entire Myron Fagan video @ youtube . This is a video of a band from the Upper Silesian village of Zebowice ( Zembowitz-Fohrendorf ) , it is the town with the highest percentage of Germans in Poland . Sørensen , 19 år , er født 8. april 1982 i Kolding . Why, are you afraid that your son might come and find you drunk in a bar 20 years later and try to kill you or something ... http://www.stltoday.com/stltoday/new ... A ? OpenDocument They are doing the same to all the white nations . NeoFolk ? If they were jew pieces of garbage who the hell cares what happened to them . Is it a good idea for them to release all these videos ? The sooner we acknowledge eachother in local areas and band together as a unit the sooner we become a strong white nation again . This would make me crazy if I saw it in person . She says the class is out of control and the kids are unteachable , and the black administration does not support her . http://www.newnation.tv/forums/showthread.php ? t = 207286 Just the yo crap . Free Edgar Steele has announced the start of an official fundraising campaign with full support of Cyndi Steele : Fundraising Campaign | Free Edgar Steele Regards , Draiodoir . That 's why we need to keep in touch and stay organized . There are multitudes of great people here and a hearty welcome from my us all ! Any Europeans traveling to this country must be insane , I hope any Whites traveling there stay safe and use good judgement at night . Apparently if the 2nd toe is bigger than the Big Toe it is a racial sign that your parents have confined their mating patterns to mixing within those of Celtic Stock . Careful what you laugh at . That is only an issue to be sorted out with Serbian moderators . Put that fat Black idiot to work and she would n't be smirking at Whitey and playing stupid for the camera at her welfare review hearing ! Sometimes pictures are worth a thousand words . I hope this will catch on like the 14 words . We just recently visited a relative in London .. Lord god , 2011 London is nothing like the 1950 's London I spent holidays in as a wee kid . 2508 I doubt it though . I know exactly what you 're saying , I just hate to see those worthless apes benefit from the great things that whites do . YouTube Dessert * * * * * * !! Get out there and lead by example . That is how we get happy country . Please message me . We will be announcing congressional candidates and local office candidates in a few months . I heard the feds got him because he ate a chocolate bar and they charged him with racist eating. lol Now im sure he is ok atleast I hope so I look forward to his reading his wisdom as often as he posts it . CONFIRMED - March 12 , 2011 YouTube - UPDATE 1pm CST -- NOT GOOD ! My ex girlfriends mother wrote that song ! Ok how about I post a cool song that will cool us off : YouTube - Darkthrone - Transilvanian Hunger - With Lyrics Now come on people lets make some progress . Moby Extreme Ways ( The Bourne Clip ) - YouTube Norway : 3.3 ( 2001 ) , 3.9 ( 2002 ) , 3.5 ( 2003 ) , 1.8 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 4.5 million ) Sweden : 2.6 ( 2001 ) , 3.7 ( 2002 ) , 3.5 ( 2003 ) , 2.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 8.9 million ) Iceland is at about 0.2 . Thank you . I used to enter horse competitions until I was thrown off one and broke my leg . 14/88 Hey, she passed away a few weeks ago now ; Did you not read it in the papers or see it in the news ? I want to show them this thread . Arseniy Yatsenyuk approved as Ukraine 's new prime minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , Ukraine 's new prime minister Published February 27 , 2014 / FoxNews.com Source : Arseniy Yatsenyuk approved as Ukraine 's new prime minister | Fox News It 's close to Finnic and Estonian . And the sad thing is the white students at those schools will act like that too . Gatsby Coram & Stoney Westmoreland - FedEx Commercial `` Vacation at home '' - YouTube I have seen young white girl 's and boy 's acting like blacks with their baggy pant 's and their hip hop . Although we have slight variances in our position here I want to thank all the posters who have kept this thread civil . I need to get pics of her tonight when I get done shaving her . From Norway to the Fareo Islands and then onto Iceland . Does anyone have that video of black gang attacking a white teenagers in front of his house and then a black gang of females attack his mother for trying to protect her son . Thanks, ive actually found this to be a very warm and welcoming site , been reading for a few weeks now , thought id register . Sub 70 I.Q. I would say for sure . Write back if you want to talk . If you are putting bread on a White family 's table , they will follow you . Newsnet14.com thugreport.com It 's a shame most of the people that came here are just rambling about killing people though lol .... When you get to the site click on Dark Crimes . I can sincerely tell you that I am certain he was a beautiful man and I love names of honour and those which hold origo within our folklore . ... for him . Aimee Like the `` white '' -African ( what the hell is her name ) .. I understand this but unfortunatly I have no one else to turn to . Liberals go on about diversity and how we all need it , but they have no problem with two completely different types of people blending together and being the same . Thus they have the title as the fattest people in the world . You cant expect those poor underprivilidged blacks to have to put up with this cold weather . Anything ?? Absolute stupidity ! Yeah they are buying a lot of houses around my area to probz so they can house there massive inbred family when they come over to the UK . BS! I saw Edwards on some TV show not long ago . The Lebanese are one of those who did the massacre at Sabra and Shattila under the direction of the Juden-state Israel . Around 5 % of Estonians singing on one stage . Now, young man ! Call the jackass and tell him about hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who have invaded our country and laid seige to our cities on May 1 . i'd like to know more about this debate .. is anyone welcome and where exactly is it being held ? good work by the way Mr.Roach. nice publicity . Anyone know ? Tereasa The only people he 's demoralizing ( or trying to demoralize ) are the families of these dead troops at funerals . When the girl starts talking the guy in the middles lips start moving . During the early punk scene , he was always seen decked out in a Union flag blazer , then all a sudden , an instant nationality transplant . You acted like yourself . False, Scotland is almost as bad as England and Scottish females have an obsession with negro males , well the ones i know do anyway . According to the ICSC , about 150,000 stores are anticipated to shut down in 2009 , which adds to the 150,000 that closed in 2008 and 135,000 in 2007 . In the local student rag 's dating section , there was a letter sent in by a black guy complaining about white girls at this university shunning him and his other negro friends . Meanwhile the white boy is centered behind him and looks clueless . Steve Reed Reporter Three of the suspects charged with the murder of a 12-year old Moore County girl were given suspended sentences for other crimes and were free on probation at the time of her slaying . I 'm moving to a bigger house pretty soon , and that map is perfect for doing a groidal analysis . Hails Wanna talk im or pm me http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=CnPS2ho-_6w Looks like they are calling a unit home with the express purpose of supressing a rebellion . Burlington coat factory opening . i love it when jews get a taste of thier own vile medicene I hope each and every one of them young to old starve in the cold I'm sorry to burst your bubble but when people try to use a camera when police are involved they have all been uniformly been forced to turn off their cameras , or they are arrested and cameras confiscated . - YouTube A crude drawing of a swastika on a wall with spraypaint will only make neutral people associate nazi 's with common lowlife scum . Tesco shoppers in Mold , Flintshire flee man wielding machete | Daily Mail Online edit : sorry i just saw this has already been posted . A good solution is that we make a good famous news program where we can show this kind of things , but that 's nearly impossible .. IRA could have hit a prime minister at any time but chose to hit kids instead . André Rieu - The Beautiful Blue Danube - YouTube How great they think it is to have a mixed child . On the basis of this and the PM 's forwarded to me , you will take a week off to calm down . If anyone wants to watch sports , whether white or non-white , let them . Many years ago I heard from a swedish friend lots of maffia-activity comes from the Russians . The song Comfortably Numb is from Pink Floyd . i have no problem eating foreign food , what i have a problem is is handing over my money to foreigners. there is no reason you should hate any foods just beacuse some other race found out a nice way to prepare it . It 's an unfair representation of a nation Some random bulgarians [ IMG ] http://photos-b.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs477.snc3/26143_100549093315633_100000816283788_13289_6985315_n.jpg [ /IMG ] I wish you every success . 88 Kelly 2056 Quenten Demps , 44 , was arrested Saturday on a first-degree murder charge in the killing of Elizabeth Clemente , 37 . I 'd love to speak with you . England has been Jew infested for centuries and the BBC is the centre of the Marxist propaganda mill . This was on the news tonight and I thought WTF Is this some kind of joke , I 'm sick of the West taking in the Worlds garbage Seems to me they are in precipitous decline . Me , I love ' em any height . White pride worldwide ! 3033 Deuteronomy 28 : 43 God speaking to His children : `` The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high ; and thou shalt come down very low '' . I met Mr. Griffin and found him to be most amiable and well spoken . I know , how Tatars look like - I see them almost every day on the streets . Paris is a weekly riot fest . I was actually scared a few times . because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and Jews push it on us I do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though . MOPAR88-Again , I live in San Bernardino , send a pm ? Ivan Ivanovich Shishkin , January 25 , 1832 March 20 , 1898 ( Иван Иванович Шишкин ) Felling of Forest , 1867 Landscape with a Lake At the Seashore , 1890 ( sketch ) Birch Grove , 1896 View at a Neighborhood of Petersburg , 1856 Swiss Landscape , 1866 Forest on the Eve of Thunderstorm , 1872 Oak Forest in a Grey day , 1873 ( sketch ) Swamp . Well i think that fact that they 're Muslims goes to show that Arabs must have colonised that land. and Intermixed with the Existing somalies .. Every white person is welcome here with the reminder to have an eye for the gypsies . I accept it and i like white americans . if they ban your account on board all you have to do is clear your internets temp files and history folder and you can sign up again. just a press of a button , no need for a proxy I think this is the video I was talking about earlier , make 's me grateful for our ' micro-ghettos `` out here.This guy keeps driving for miles and miles . There is some bad news . I used to know several guys at various times turn to this for this purpose I 'll most likely be moving to belfast . Thanks. http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = R8gYc5fvMQ0 they played this on fox news today.said she went ape schmidt , no pun intended , because they had no baffrooms.fox news sucks but at least people get a couple seconds of real news ......... secondly , ive never heard of a sheboon before.a new specie , from the chimpout family ? Save your change or eat pork and beans one night instead of going out , and give the money to a White mother. photo crawling infant reaching out This is a dynamite site I ran across about a year ago : http://www.geocities.com/yosemite/4466 / It 's about one fellows adventures at Thule Air Base back in the late 60 's . There are always people there when I go in there .... but that 's not all to often ..... maybe I just always pick the right time . YouTube - & #x202a ; Police Brutality In Jamaica Caught On Tape Disturbing Footage Of Police Killing Man Cold Blooded Terribel & #x202c ; & rlm ; It 's just the way blacks react ... I grew up in small town Southern N.B for a good half of my life , in a region called Kings County , it was 100 % white except for literally 3 black people , and they never mixed with whites .. She became a suspect when two people contacted the Department of Revenue claiming an agency employee requested credit card information when they called to make payments on their accounts . Well anything can be a `` hate crime '' these days , I heard recently that a guy in Scotland was charged for `` revving his car racistly '' ..... whatever that is In the battle of languages English has won . Your idea sounds like the perfect plan for creating WN crack houses and a bunch of lay around druggies and drunks . UK July 2009 . i think everybody knew check out his thread ' skinheads ' https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... rish + skinheads knowbody trusted him from day one yet he still went ahead with a story that is old news more fools the star for even printing it. i dont notice any posts from joeblogs defending him self Where 's Lenny Pitts ' article on this one ? Stormfront should try to create a larger protest in Defense of Ed Steele . I'll like to take that for a test drive . I pray that their souls are in the heavens and their families are healing in spirit . YouTube - Mayor of Boston sends welcome to gay/transgender youth event Kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' You wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied Family advocates are outraged by a prom held at Boston City Hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather-clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes . Restaurant " ? " Thank you for sharing this website with us its really intrested and I learned something new and I like to learn . He sort of looks like an English football player or is that a French football player ? I plan on celebrating being White that entire 24 hours . The only way to deal with these animals is to give them a one way ticket to their filthy pig god . Quite the opposite in fact . This film tells the story of a poor victimised African boy ( Joseph ) who was allowed into Ireland . Why is rugby dominated by whites ? That way your always one step ahead of the game !! My prayers go out for the grieving families of those who perished ... What a terrible tragedy ... God have mercy on the souls of those who have left this earth . Surely, there 's middle ground between completely anonymous keyboarding and losing blood ? looking for sisters and brothers to hang out with get to know ...... cant semm to find in in this area ? I laughed and laughed at his antics !!! whilst another couple of Pakistani youths celebrate by hitching a temporary ride on a TK Maxx lorry !!! Black and Asian immigrants who are coming in and those who were borne here and their breading patterns are the threat to our gene pool and not other white Europeans such as polish people . There is an active community here - you just need to get off the net to find it . As I have say , they do not think their acts as humans do . Is it in your job contract to go to death to save the World ? Many thanks Dr. Duke on behalf of all us internet radio addicts , your DavidDuke.com interviews are always very much appreciated ! I currently live in Wisconsin and have been trying to educate myself on the PLE concept . One school that stood out was an elementary schoolI was sent to that was 100 % black . And her husband is Tom Brady , this good-looking White Nordic guy : Here 's a photo of them with their ( white ) children : It is as good as anywhere in the world .. In Limerick if caught with a knife Jail loads of women have been sent to prison.Very violent place i am afraid . I do feel for the Croatian people and I have come across some of them on the internet and they seem to be a decent people and I have also came across the Serbs who seem to jump into bed with loyalists . Betrayal of bright pupils : Two thirds who shine at age of 11 are steered into soft subjects at GCSE Just 33.9 % of teenagers from disadvantaged homes gained at least five Cs in their GCSEs last summer - including English and maths - compared with 58.2 % of all pupils attending state schools Yet again , selective schools dominate top of the tables Schools Minister Nick Gibb : ' Today 's figures reveal a shocking waste of talent in many schools across the country ' Read more : Two thirds of top achievers at 11 not taking key GCSEs | Mail Online Article of our local newspaper is subject to a charge . It is your family and you are their blood just avoid argue with them and humor them . From The Telegraf Judge and clerk shot dead in Belgian court - Telegraph New information says that the assailant is NOT an albanian , but an homeles iranian ( source http://www.berlingske.dk/verden/hjem ... rab-paa-dommer ) Mostly they were playing loud kurdish music . Are ira fighting for WHITE Irish exclusively and a WHITE future for Ireland or is it all the same to them ? Classic brainwashing . im 21 in hamilton looking for people who dont put up with society 's crap my email is hammer _ smashed _ skull@hotmail.com We spent too much time and effort worrying about Blacks while the Asians and Hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball . Junior Minister Pat Gallagher is at the centre of a Garda investigation after the disappearance of nine Bangladeshis . I was basically a babysitter , and the apes went nuts , and frankly , I could not control them and had to press the panic button twice to get someone to help me . I 'm all alone and looking for companionship , where 'd all the good girls go ? send me a pm or email at skin14 _ 88@hotmail.com I recently bought a book from here and it was very fast shipping and great quality . The 19-year-old had beaten two elderly Long Beach women to death and raped one with a wine bottle . Tell me this wo n't happen ! Racist attack by blacks on a young white girl in France . Hilarious !!! Maybe they are not so uneducated and knows about their fate . Some humans do not think them too sometimes . On another hand , being born was also a pretty stupid thing that you did , I hope you will try to correct that as well . Because white peoples build is more suited to rugby ( stronger upperbody , endurance etc ) . Please join the discussions first before posting your pictures . I've always been told that the Hungarians in Vojvodina live like nobles , with alot of compensation money since the communist regime resigned . I live in a predominantly white area and ca n't imagine what that would be like .. i used to post on here a few years back as kruger but for some reason i cant register with that name so here goes with the new one 88 to all i know and to those i will meet i think this was one of the first forums i posted in too. i do n't think it 's a standard by which to judge someone. mike There is no greater reason to be joyous than that . Why do you feel a need to talk about this publicly ? Naturally it will happen , even the biggest white liberal will seek out the white part of town when his neighbourhood becomes culturally enriched ie . On his first day of school , he is tormented by the evil spirited White children . And the only person to stop and check if the old man was alright was what looks like the only white on the station . Have to follow up on this one ! I blame the school with all it 's ethicts and multicult loving teachers , i 'm saving as many pupils i can , but i fear that 's not enught I live in New Richmond , Ohio which is almost all White but the kids are brain-washed with Mtv and try to act like the Blacks they watch for hours in rap videos on Mtv . me, too but here in the Usa . This looks like a nice little town ( on paper ) . Meh.. I would say not ! YouTube - Euclid Square Mall , 2007 ( Dead Mall ) Can anyone report in from Euclid , Ohio ? This thread makes me both sad and angry . Multiculturism is a Trojan Horse Multiculturalism is a fraud and a sham that is ripping Western nations social fabric to shreds . YouTube - Blacks Attack White Man On Subway YouTube - White Girl Beaten On A Bus By Blacks YouTube - Black gang attack-Tottenham High Road N1 . they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy http://www.wafb.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 11394504 Now that the little troll is no longer going to nip at my pant 's leg , lets now look at the platform : Fortunately for Golden Dawn they do n't depend that much on the internet , since they are a grass-roots organization through and through . You do not have to wait for this law to pass since already you would be expelled from your school for doing the above under some sort of hostile school environment clause , as you would at most places of work . I was in the Taiwan airport and the whole plane was East Indian . I hate to be the one to say this but they do n't sound like a loving family if they said they would dance on your grave simply because of your racially aware views . 65% of all media coverage in britain is the BBC and they are openly biased towards the left and the others are n't much better . I hope you all do n't mind an irish american skin joining your ranks . 178 black teachers in Apelanta conspired and changed black student 's test answers to help them pass state exams . Depending on which part of Scotland you 're going to I might have some bad news for you about the Kaffirs . The natural royality of the planet was not the posing apes , but the Overman . Yeah I know that they have been around since the 1930s and have not gotten anywhere . That's all I needed to hear . I disagree you can never justify race mixing Some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future . I went to buy some new socks today and a couple of t-shirts . Zuul88-My cousin 's an IE Peckerwood , and i 'm a good friends with another , I live over here in san bernardino , send me a pm ? Here is my old school picture i think it was in 1994 . She was dragging her blanket around and went in the closet to get her warm sweater . I passed Andy Cameron 's house this morning and I heard him gargling . Judeo-Christians seem to focus on the idea that Jesus was a Jewish carpenter , from the line of Jewish king David . I am a 23 year old Spanish guy . Gonna have to do it as soon as I can . Declaring war on the innocent White Population of any nation could easily be justified by anyone who was not a White Nationalist . And Vermont is a uber-liberal stronghold where child molesters are treated better then law-abiding citizens . Very nice I have a problem with clutter in my room , I would need to throw a hell of a lot out to make mine over but good job Yes, more homosexual degeneracy foisted upon the silent majority . From what I hear . It's not WV . He is not nordic of course , but he is white . I'm sure someone will come along . Your videos are excellent and you 're one of the most enlightened Whites in our struggle . However I hope we 'll get off our butts before then . I guess I should have known that there are too many bleeding heart liberals in the NW to get an answer to this thread . Drop me a line . Latha math dhuibh agus dè tha dol agad fhèin , a Phàdruig/Hello Pat , how are you ? Whites are the minority in the World . i think the main problem with our movement is that we 're not subtle in our approach. we need to use words that do n't promote controversy. instead of saying racial purity we use words like idenity . But I love this song and video so I thought I d post it here since the topic is about him . Another example of affirmative action gone bad ! I could almost see myself in that video ... They all deserve an ass kicking . We have simply had enough . You mean half Slavic ( R1a ) and half Illyrian-Celtic ( I2a2 + R1b ) , with Germanic influx ( I1 ) . Will you marry me and be my eternal wife in this life and when we enter Valhalla together ? Cowardly scum from the Irish countryside bigging up in army jackets . White Power Brother ! Who knows how much longer that will be for any of us. ~ Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these ' things ' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose . Honestly , they mostly come out very odd and funny looking . Metal: Honor [ Poland ] , Defensor 14 [ Poland ] , Ekspansja [ Poland ] , Hools Attack [ Poland ] , Kolovrat [ Russia ] , Moscow Band [ Russia ] , Ancestors [ Slovakia ] , Conflict 88 [ Czech ] NSBM : Arkona [ Poland ] , Gontyna Kry [ Poland ] , Inferium [ Poland ] , Kataxu [ Poland ] , Thunderbolt [ Poland ] , Veles [ Poland ] , Wojnar [ Poland ] , Wolf 's Moon [ Poland ] ( vocals by Szczecry of Honor ) , and Woodtemple [ Poland ] I used to download from Kazaa but I got tired of all the adware and viruses I got from there . Burlington Coat Factory Hiring For New Store in Conroe | Houston 's Hiring | a Chron.com blog lots more to check out . WE GOT MONEY AROUND HERE TOO Compton Crips Pt.1 - YouTube These negroes are in the middle of the street , seems like something of a zoo , playing with their cheap lowriders . I posted a long and insightful ( or at least so I thought ) post here a couple of days ago . They sound so naive , when will they learn that these people do not want to intergrate just accumulate . White Rage , it 's what 's for dinner !! May the gods and goddesses watch over you both ! Three of the four suspects in the death of a 12-year-old Moore County girl were repeat offenders , free on probation . The black kid is separating the white boy and girl . Here are a couple of security cam pics from the armed robbery that took place yesterday but was quickly ended by police . Every major retailer in the United States has built their expansion plans on an assumption that American consumers would continue to spend at an unsustainable rate . As of March 13th , 2014 , the booklet had been downloaded over 18,300 times and counting . YouTube - Raw Video : Shoplifter Uses Skirt to Hide Booze But maybe she was just mistaken . This gay kill a young bulgarian man to protect some criminal brown gypsy from beating This is the true face of so-called `` anti-racist '' ! This thread has reduced me to tears so many times that I sometimes avoid it , and yet i thank the OP for it 21325 white Estonians singing patriotic and just beautiful songs . The Government are now judging if they should be granted permanent residency . May they just need to turn these savages loose , justice will take care of itself . The first thing I thought was `` he does lots of meth '' . Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed ? I'm back and I hope that Teárlach is too or at least that JJT brave enugh to tell me who did it . ( Prince of Bel Air , Moeisha , etc ... ) I could n't stop laughing at that photo long enough to actually read the article but I imagine it 's more of the same old same old . www.immigrationcontrol.org * * * * the E U its the Soviet system but much worse . it is down to the EU.we have no say anymore on any piece of scum coming into the country as long as they have an EU passport Most of them do n't care either . That is truly sad , I do n't know how anyone could destroy something that is so old . This thread covered some of the same ground as the Northern Ireland thread , but was proceeding without flames . ??? Hope to talk to you later . It can cause rage . Whites shoudl clean their own mess ! I shall contribute to this organization and support the XXV points . Lady Gaga . I do n't watch any movie that is made for blacks or has a black in the lead roll and I ca n't find humor in the black race with all of the crime they comit against the white man , to hell with them . Indeed. So am I , I 'll let them sit there for days before I reply , even if I 'm hanging out here . I need them to build a little fort around me at night . I want to get it done by a pro but money is tight . Hiya i 'm new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism . Soon in their minds it is ok to date them and have children with them thus polluting our great race and pushing us further toward extinction . Black metal fan , eyh ? = o ) The fight against god and christ has begun Forever we will remember those that lived under the hammer of our hoards Forever is the war against those of the light , untill they meet the face of death , the cold of death A winter of cold shall come to freese the blood of the christians Our crusade has begun and every step is a stake through christs heart We burn gods children on the bonfire We burn the house of god The age of darkness shall cover the sun The gate of pearls will be crushed And each thorn in his skull , every nail in his body Souls born under the mighty throne of death We march our deathskull rally to the land of death and endless plains When the crusaders dangle , and the spirit of christ is dead When the moon shines pale and lonely , the sounds of a death march will be heard Gone were those of gods earth , behind a dark cloud , the moon so crude and col Song is the last note of a grave song Perhaps I should walk back into my H.S. when it starts Monday and get on the P.A. system and say I want to tie all * * * * * * s to the back of my car and drag them across the ground till they die , and then say I 'm joking . Re: What is happening in our schools ? Stand Up and Sound Off Nathan Why should we try to civilize that which cannot be domesticated or civil ? Finally going to make it up there in the end of the summer ! The whites are more in the range of 4.8 million . I do n't know of to many whites that would want to live in non white homelands \ communities . I think we need to stand our ground and send our enemies away . I guess I 'll just stick to homeschooling my kids , when and if I have them ... Greece and Serbia Against All / ????? ? ?????? ?????? ???? ( HD 1080p ) - YouTube Thank you brother Greeks !!! The language itself , though , is nowhere near that . They all have guns and are trained in martial arts . This is great ! Interesting, I will pass this information on to my professor who always talks about the poor poor Africans , walking miles to drink dirty water Put your cursor on the American Dissidents Voices tab and click on it , not the links in the menu which drops down . Freemasons and Sexual Abuse Continue reading here . Never date outside your race Someone on this site has it on their posts 88 ! Watching those videos makes me feel like im going to explode with hatred for those creatures . Finland , however , used to be very low , but it 's now higher than Denmark and nearly as high as Norway . Was this the first time these guys have been caught in Ireland or has there been more situations like this ? In Sweden most people receives SVT 1 , SVT 2 , TV 3 , TV 4 , Kanal 5 and ZTV SVT 1 and SVT 2 are state owned and mostly show socialistic propaganda . This Islamisation is going on all over Europe. but we can object . Video: Brawl At St. Louis Community College ! ( One Lady Fighting With Her Own Baby In Arms & Another Dude Swinging On Girl ) I'll second that . You need to wish them well and get on with your life , start a family of your own , that 's coming from someone who is working on the second part of what I told ya ! Japan REACTOR - RODS MELT ! I saw on news here in Kentucky a few days ago where someone had spray painted `` KKK '' on the side of a black School security officer 's house , they hadnt found who did it but they said it was a possible hate crime . Wait until the 1950s and 60s generation dies off LOL . Looking to become more active and make more friends in the White nationalist community in southern California . And every human is `` together '' with all people , of their country . Videos etc welcome . That is correct , White men with guns built America , and it will likely take White men with guns to take it back . I'm wondering how would the liberals react to the Zulu movie being released in the year 2014 ? What a load of crap.Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish . Well they have got to be more aware then the idiots we have over here absorbing all the bs with there little sponge brains . We dont go telling members to run they have to come to us and ask . His style of posting is unique and unappreciated . Or was that just a media run ... There are London areas that could be described as nothing less than little islamic republics . If anyone wants to post it in other forums feel free to do so . Wasn't meaning yo be hard on you or Knightrider1961 . And this was one was specifically designed to impart the message that minorities are the new acceptable future of America and that White people will be pushed to the back . INTJ Introvert ( 89 % ) iNtuitive ( 25 % ) iNtuitive Thinking ( 50 % ) Judging ( 67 % ) You have strong preference of Introversion over Extraversion ( 89 % ) You have moderate preference of Intuition over Sensing ( 25 % ) You have moderate preference of Thinking over Feeling ( 50 % ) You have distinctive preference of Judging over Perceiving ( 67 % ) You know , wheat and corn grow pretty fast . Imagine the uproar if the black girl said `` ten '' . With the help of God we will be congratulating an Irish WN Party on their election success in the not so distant future . Beefcake ? s Bootcamp | White GeNOcide Project But your laughing smilie is misleading . Could all Celts and non Celts verify if this is true or not . My tongue ring is back where it 's suppose to be but the bottom ball caught my teeth causing the barbell to go at an angel which makes it look closer to the tip . Looking forward to it ! I watch less than an hour of TV in two weeks most of the time . Just shows how thick they actually are one farmer-one bullet they will just end up starving and asking WHITES to feed them They have n't gone to wearing their Fred Perry , boots and braces yet though ...... Och nu har jag ocksa forlorad min Svensk Medborgarskap och far inte har en nya Passport ! Assuming it 's not a public phone number I 'd put adverts in phone boxes saying he takes it up the bum for a tenner . I feel that I want to practice ... Join the Nationalist Coalition http://www.ncoal.com I've did a google search on this person and found no information on her being part American Indian , OP show me a few references please . You like Jager ? The final solution to the goyim problem . The sheer disrespect of just standing there and making her clean up their mess , and laughing about it . This is from the back-file at Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting the Pioneer Litte Europe strategy . I mean , who knows ; should n't they watch out ? , they might end up on a terrorism blacklist ... com/watch ? v = 6OK6ks7BSOY For a FREE informative BOOKLET & video on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of White people go to : youtube . The politicians need to keep feeding them to keep up the numbers which will eventually come here and vote for them . I can only hope that today 's events will help teach the European people that they 're traveling down a very bad road .... Har taget en HH-eksamen på handelsskolen i Nyborg . Most of them dont even work , but I have no doubt that some of them will be pushed into high positions in society . When I saw this thread I was hoping she might actually go against the status quo and adopt a white baby So much for that theory ! Nobody on here ' idolizes the IRA ' . in a crisis , it wont matter. people will have to join us or face death at the hands of non-whites. its that simple. without the media and schools feeding them lies , they will have nothing to go on by except for real world encounters and cold truth .. and thats when our numbers will get large . well done at least someone is getting off their arse and taking action rather then sitting behind a computer being a cyber warrior.i hope others will follow suit I notice it does n't say if the kids were jews or not . About those training : I never realized they had all that equipment . Well someone needs to set one up ASAP . Somebody scratched her car and let the air out of the tires one day . Same here . Well I heard that the airport is in the process of implementing their new security procedures and subsequently did n't have an x-ray device or metal detector ... Prosecutors charged a St. Louis man with 12 felonies Monday night in an early morning home invasion that left a nurse dead and an off-duty police officer and her firefighter boyfriend seriously injured . It took them just ten years to do this to Dublin . Unfortunately , this is the country of multiculturalism . Where I live now it is n't so bad . Kapela OSP Radawie g.Z Yawn Karina Sorensen is a member of the Danish Peoples Party , a pro-Danish heritage party . I looked at the discussion and it is obvious that we are outnumbered by non-whites and race traitors and follow the other followers types . Williams has friends who live across the hall from the victims .. I dont drive a Ford but I got a s-10 with a 6 inch lift on it 34 inch mickie thompson swampers rollbar and the kc lights on the rollbar . Better yet , make her the poster child for Black Resettlement ! Spending her days digging for grub worm dinners would actually be good for her . This is going to have to be pinned once the World Cup starts next summer . I have been recently told that the 2nd toe , the one that rests beside the big toe is a genetic distinction if you are of Celtic Stock . No, there is no logic for closing the section . It's hard being White in California . Welcome to Stormfront and please do n't sell your chances short ! When ever I see these white children murdered by these sub humans it makes me so angry I could cry . I dont yell at members for asking questions and the answer is we do have many other candidates going to run . Markus Riikonen http://www.angelfire.com/hi5/himalajafoundation 32 More likely they 're afraid of having to marry and deal with a snotty GI-Jane-dyke , only to be dragged into court and have the kids and house taken a few years later . the black security guards are racist and look evil and are always giving dirty looks to white customers especially polish customers ! My Kansas ancestors got by during the Great Depression without eating cow dung , and everything was covered in dust then . Jews ! Absolutely. At times it is perplexing . Thanks. What's the non-White demographic % in London ? I wish more mods saw it the way you did so that my friend Lycurgus might one day find himself unmoderated . Will you please go to this link and sign the petition in support of the right of Russian Nationalist to march . Now I will not go near them . I just got a group started in my area Roswell Aryan Front and we 're looking for people to join or groups to join with if anyone is interested in joing or knows or is part of a group that is recruiting send me a private message or e-mail appreciate it . Let's change subject for a while , here is a song from one of my favorite movies in last 10 years , do n't know do you like Bourne ? The nra may no longer exist . http://www.abc25.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 5352185 Non whites commit far more crimes against whites each year but its never considered a hate crime and alot of them never spend any time in jail ! I stayed up all night cause of this debate . Who are you ? and how did you get your hands on it ? pm me or send a email please Buster They show some football and ice hockey + American garbage shows . Irish pupils are getting less teacher time too because they 're so busy helping the immigrant chrildren get up to date . I thank that the only one that can tall you what to do is your self and no one els if you see this guy and like his pic. make sure he knows you are WP if you are or you like only White men. that is the way i see it . 2508 Hey i live over in smithfield. i lived in newport news off jefferson and mercury . Powerful video that shows how primitive these beasts are . so is tom still rambling on about putting up machine guns in the city centre ? lol and that sites great al making all wn look like terrorists.so tell us all of some of the irms activism so far ? Economic empowerment is the way to political success . Thanks! A citizen will have the right to bear arms and encouraged to exercise it . http://aangirfan.blogspot.com/2009/1...ual-abuse.html I keep telling people about things like this , and they never believe me . Size rarely matters . When the non-whites come we should stand together and send em packing , like they do to us . PatrioticMama I guess Mr. Pena forgot about the black speed skater who won the gold and is being glorified on NBC every 5 minutes . Every day they erase more of our past . A nice holiday in the sun paid for by the silly Irish is just the ticket . Which part are you in Berserkergrrl ? 11 They eat 3 X the food at each meal than your average American . There are lots of groups who do the suit and tie thing , but they are still haters to the MSM and averge public . Most if not all of the whites at my school are complete race traitors If you click on the new nation news link at the bottom of my post your will go to a website full of white victims of black crime . 88 . ( Simply copy and paste the following text into your YouTube videos description boxes. ) Is it a competition on TV to get the most alien looking black and to put them with a white woman ? When I was at your age I had to work for every penny I spent and I had to walk to school kilometers a day and ... What a joke . It will be the same here when the goodies run out . Have you ever spent time outside of the Vancouver area ? The Chechen beast was one of those who committed killing in the name of Allah against our Russian brothers , like the theater in Moskva . They do crank ? Nothing more than a murdered white girl , the talking heads could care less about her . In reality they do pair up the black males with the White girls in mixed schools because the girls help them with their work and it makes the school 's achievement stats less dismal . And they are more than suitable for singing ( when talking about singing ... ) Only surreptitious and hidden cameras have worked . YouTube - Hell 's coming with me Thanks for posting . I live in So Cal and it is always nice to know that i have another white friend around ....... The White Horse gig was by far the best gig EVER by a Racial band in Ireland , and a packed house too ... If so , why ? Is the time now ? Just an example of Our local economy and employment opportunities here . I am looking for anything where I can be among my own people , please PM me if you know of something . Normally , 110,000 to 125,000 new stores open per year . What the white girls do apparently is either walk quickly away or whip out their cell phone and pretend-talk into it . there was nothing left from the ancient macedonians when the Slavs arrived ... their trace was lost long before the slavic invasions took place I miss my mark if the movie Jack London was n't shown at the The Jack London Literary Prize Banquet . Yes, for too long Whites have remained absolutely silent about the establishment and its media welcoming everyone else 's community profile but theirs . It 's uncalled for , UnWhite , and uncivilized . He was checking her lines , bad actors ca n't help themselves from doing this . You tried to help . We do not want to annhilate other races , we simply want to preserve our own . They blackmail shop-owners and give them protection so they claim . Edin D eko Bosnian soccer player Zvjezdan Misimović Mismovic and D eko Bosnian President Zeljko Komsic and Angela Lejla Damardzic Bosnian Special Forces OSE Bosnian Street people What I like about it is you can add people to your buddylist and download files straight from them ( something you ca n't do on Kazaa , methinks ) . Yes, I have seen that so many times . The thing is you may base your beliefs on claims and assertions , but nowadays Oxford University Professors tend to base their findings on many years of dedicated research . The only sports I watch are the 99 % white leagues my 6 white grandchildren play in . It is very sad to see that the WN/NS movement has a class divide we are the same race therefore we should band together ! - reat123 14/88 What, like blowing up old ladies and little kids ? Please contribute and/or donate . I'm 6 ' 1 " , my wife was 5 ' 4 " , I dunno if that counts as tall vs short . Can you give any examples of progress made by skinheads or the Klan ? Hell , I 've been single for .... Thanks . Clemente 's friend , told detectives the couple had broken up about two weeks ago and Demps had moved out of the house . Hello Crystal My name is Andy , and as my screen name states I live in New York . You shall know of where to go from there , gille. or . . . People suffer more the closer they are to ground zero . im a 21 year old white woman , mother of one 2 year old boy. i have been looking for others like me in oregon for quite some time now and have ony found a few . i will try to post accurate pictures of those people who have familiar faces among our nation and stop posting a female and male photo models . Let's not get above ourselves lads . Sorry I did n't get too cut her this weekend she was sick . Woodlands , 1890 Rain in an Oak Forest , 1891 Sometimes we are told by our corrupted news that there is a small british colony living in the villages . And they Speak Arabic . But you must know that caucasians is not like blacks , they just animals and subhumans . Blacks and mexicans were represented thoroughly. do yourselves a favor , shoot your t.v. ! Here you would be in and out of the ghetto in prob under a minute . There are White folks that require a little of our time . The Jews say they are The Chosen Ones The Blacks say they are the original Hebrews Israelites Our worst enemies want to be us and we refuse to accept that we are HIS ! ... and so it goes .. I hope that all the security personnel and hangers-on who I saw chasing girls in the Voodoo lounge the other day do n't tell all their friends back in the Bronx about Latvia as a holiday destination ! I hope all goes well in Sweden ( I lived there ) and loved it . This boy is not tatar-looking . 16 Absolutely ridiculous . I'm white and my country is white and I 'm a nationalist , and I 've been on this forum for several years without problems . The French N.B communities near Quebec especially would be white to . http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/...0/post_48.html Joy Lynn Aikens , 39 , was arrested Tuesday by Louisiana State Police . Great pictures and commentary . I caught this on youtube , I 'm sure someone has posted this at some point on here but it deserves reiteration . Actually Monkeys and Apes are more noble creatures and rarely act violent it really is unfare to the Monkeys and Apes to be compared with subhuman Negroids who are by contrast very murderous . I think this member meant this for stress relief . And everyone in agreement is asked to just introduce themselves for now on Don Black 's PLE thread , which is here : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t12389/ Locals in the area should organize a march or something . Hope it 's as fast as it looks because it will have to be fast . As of 2009 11,943 people 92.9 % White 4.7 % Hispanic .9 % Mixed .7 % Asian .4 % Black .3 % American Indian .04 % Other race alone Median income is $ 66,115 . Literally !!!! May all these victims of the `` war on whites '' rest in peace . Not another promo ) Meet Me at the Footbridge : PLE and the Musicman . if you have enough money for high speed internet to download it you can probably afford the book ! you have your priorities mixed up if you have high speed internet which you 'd need to d/l it but cant feed your kids , lol . Breaks my heart and boils my blood . Since they are all learning English now as a second language what would be the reason for changing to German . You do n't need to understand , he did n't say anything important , every second word is Jesus Christ or something about Orthodox Christianity . Yah , I guess there is !!! I do n't think so . But its important to have more information on the enemy than they have on you . I have just dispatched a PM to a nember of staff politely suggesting that this forum would be more properly renamed Brentworld , Potato land , the Orange playpen , trollsville , Paisleyland , Londonstormfront , `` Ulster Scot '' Pixie-land , Smilie City .. Or so this short film would have you believe ! Children from middle schools and high schools across Massachusetts on May 9 attended a Youth Pride Day event ending with a prom inside of Boston City Hall sponsored by the Boston Alliance of Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual , Transgender Youth , or BAGLY , a group seated on the Massachusetts Commission for GLBT Youth .. Does this fact reflect on her actual essence as a person ( it could ! ) ? The oldest Belgrade restaurant , built in 1823 as a property of Knez Miloš Obrenovic .. Sometimes Europeans all look alike . Thanks Again Buster Great news ! Why do you have the need to celebrate anyone 's birthday that day anyway ? Because the communist party was almost all jew out to kill any gentile that stood in their way or had property that the jew - communist wanted . My wife and I both support the idea , so I have been looking for information on the internet and came across this census map from 1990 . Fathers of Sweden watch out for your daughters ' safety ! David Duke with Bruno Gollnisch ! ye i heard that one to. or ' we all came from Africa any way so why dose it matter ' ........ my answer ? ' we evolved to be better' Use PM to get in touch . Well it was only an animal instinct . I 'd like a cozy house with an outdoor fire pit , for parties and grilling , for instance , lol . Please notice as well there are none of those racist intolerant vile white people hanging about causing trouble , they were forced out long ago ! Lynn336 The above comments are spot on target . No it is not a joke , we have a very high standard education system here in Ireland .. Paper claims 250 - I was walking pass there and would estimate 100-200 demonstrators . No is not bad and you should never lower your self to their level of self denial and blindness . Jackson 's retrial took jurors back to the events of late summer 1977 , when two widows , Vernita Curtis , 81 and Gladys Ott , 90 , were beaten and strangled to death during burglaries a week apart in a Long Beach apartment building . Invictus Press Home Page So according to section C , what few jobs there are in our areas will be given to these people as well Thanks for posting this . I was a substitute teacher for the Jackson Mississippi Public School System in the late 1990 's . Yes, before age of 10 i never saw an negro in real life , when i moved to Holland i was horrified by the amount of non-whites . yes I was on his call list there at the hospital since I was down there I had to be to get in touch with him for the plummer and for anything else I needed from him as soon as I talk to him at the jail I will let you all know. or if you want to leave a message for him you can just pm me and ill give you the number and you can ask him your self Got to laugh at how he is saying about how forward thinking and how much egyptians love democracy when they are about to hand power to a bunch of hard line Islamic fundamentalists who are more backward and worse than the last mob you Could n't make it up KC skin boy looking for KC skin girl . It 's a nationalist site as well , maybe give them a try ! The brutality of his crime and his lack of remorse made Jackson the `` model candidate for death in the gas house , '' one columnist wrote after his death sentence was upheld by the state 's highest court . I can honestly say that I have minority friends , and would n't hesitate to deal with the harsh reality that they must be deported . http://u.tv/newsroom/indepth.asp ? id = 63241 & pt = n Some Communists , some Kurdish Nationalists and some German Anti-War people . Would the gentleman kindly tell us , can wogs be Irish ? You can clearly see in this video they want the white women to look dumb and crazy , whille the asian man looks intelligent and content . Maybe they are unionized . Joyful times indeed ! Negro holding the camera laughs with glee : Dailymotion - Agression raciste contre une jeune fille blanche - France - une vidéo News & Politics http://www.census.gov/geo/www/mapgal...inPD-1990.html well go here n click on the festival that intressting the sites in swedish but the links r to festivals in europe http://www.aftonbladet.se/vss/puls/s...,56892,00.html : cop http://www.davidduke.com/mp3/dukeradio080723brunog.mp3 Beautiful Sweden poisoned by Arab/Muslim trash . 50 shades of brown Last time I kissed her .... yesterday . They re more like a virus than human ; they get inside a country and they taint it with their sickness and pretty soon the whole country goes to hell while the government tries to ban video games because knife crime , rapes and mindless violence has skyrocketed . The one part of the video that is n't surprising . thanks for the tip rock does not really macth My taste but I 'll go check it out anyway who knows First it was called `` Kod pastira '' ( At Shepherd 's ) in 1878 , then , in 1892 `` Kod Saborne crkve '' ( At the Cathedral Church ) , but this was soon removed , because it neither complied with regulations on restaurants , nor did the Church authorities find it suitable . My advice would be to pray about it and ask yourself what sort of person is she now . http://www.wnd.com/index.php ? fa = PAGE.view & pageId = 100806 Hello, I just joined too . I'm glad you realized it . So far you have not tried to post hardly anything but asking about your race type . Where is Bernard Goetz when you need him ? Ohio in general looks to be in bad shape . that prince who married that asian is a freak. imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families Innocent whites including white children all murdered by heartless groid savages . I wonder why this has been introduced I would n't trust anything that is being taught in our schools - nothing in our schools is for the betterment of our white children and anything that has been newly introduced ( especially in the times we are living in now ) I would be highly sceptical . For example , almost all the 12 year olds last year dressed up a `` Wiggers '' , `` Whores '' , or `` Pimps '' for Halloween ! This land was founded by whites for whites and I prefer to punish the symptom of urban decay rather than just its zowg figurehead . Lumberton , Texas in Hardin County . I would prefer to get the lot of us together and tackle the real enemies of Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland ergo the Island of Ireland ... and the enemy is n't each other my brothers and sisters . The media want 's to promote a pro Multi ~ Culti Ireland and not all the disaster that it has caused in Ireland http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6217719.stm There you have it folks , Nigeria is acting like one big ghetto queen squeezing out more baby negroes for a bigger handout from the government . Has Jack McLamb been contacted ? She was probably the victim of a groid rage rape also . Strange more people ca n't see the problem ! https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t814765/ The point is not the throne itself but the reason for it and what it represents to the apes fighting and tramping for it . Is n't 80 years of failure enough to teach you something ? I'm planning on being in ireland within the next year . Robinson ended up hawking the cannon to Top Paid Scrap , a salvage company in the 13000 block of Chef Menteur Highway in eastern New Orleans , according to a New Orleans police report filed in conjunction with Robinson 's arrest . Good. There's no way to stop them from coming to Canada all that is needed is proof of ownership of a house in India , africa etc and they can enter in on a tourist visa . I myself would distance myself from a family like that . Dare to speak out in a country with supposed free speech and you 're labelled a bigot ! I do n't know if the person that said that ever leaves the house , but all I ever see are black guys and Mexicans everywhere . Indeed. Anyway good luck all . Hoping to meet some NS girls if any single ones even exist lol . Hi all , I just would like to meet white conscious people from other countries , specially girls . But unfortunately , Maine 's become the dumping ground for Somalis and other African trash . Is there evidence to support/oppose this ? * Unsubscribed * Off to the SA threads . YouTube - A Tour Of Detroit 's Ghetto Not a single picture on any of them had a white male . 88 all , this is my first post and i 've read this whole thread so i guess I have a few comment 's , let 's start , shall we ? I hope such classes will be the future of all Russia Aye , warriour of Éire . . . whether you would like fadas for Irish Gæilge , e.g. , é , í , ó and the like , or Scottish Gælick , e.g. , ì , ò , è , é , í , à , ù and the like . . . try such , lad : I. Start Menu to All Programs to Accessouries to System Tools to Litrichean ( I canæ re-call of what Litrichean tis called in English for my computer is in Gàidhlig , but tis Script Lettres , Characters or the like , I reckon. ) Einherjer88@hotmail.com It was only a matter of time before it hit the U.S. and Europe . Man apprehended in killing of ex-girlfriend in suburban West Palm Beach So IM me . Ever noticed how they always say that about the Romans or Greek armies ... No one says ' ' oh I wonder how many non Whites were on the Goth or Gaul armies ' ' . Bless you Mr. Duke ! This is a sad reality it is sad to read some peoples stories makes me know how good I 've got it , and not to take things for granted . There comes a moment when we must act , regardless of the consequences . I 'm too close to the left coast . At least they had someone who would have lifted a weapon towards Terrorist or Commies that would have hurt them ... hehe http://www.wntube.net/play.php ? vid = 1428 & code = 108 Patience is a virtue you know . I wasnt going to bother with this thread but I am rapidly coming to the conclusion you can , t read we are NOT C18 , we have nothing to do with them ...... look at post #13 for Christ sake Thank you for sharing your free and peaceful home while you have one . Now I use Soulseek ( click HERE ) for my downloading . Because Illyrian-Celt tribes ( Dalmatie , Japods etc ) lived on present day Croatia , then the Slavic Croats arrived and assimilated those Illyrian-Celts , and on end we have Germanic influx during Frankish empire , Holy Roman Empire , Austro-Hungarian Empire and ww1 + ww2 period . Rule Britannia I love you . The best darned pecan pie I have ever had ! Our government has been in the practice of tearing down the white race to raise the non white minority races by forcing diversity and multiculturalism down white people 's throats . You got that right in one go.Lets hope he gets well soon and on his way home If you do n't have these apes in your great Country then count your blessings June 6 , 2010 6 : 20 p.m. EDT See full article : Mississippi man faces sixth capital murder trial in 1996 shootings - CNN.com I read a few things about him awhile back and he is far to the left as so many of them are . I know much about that event because I was in that crowd that day in 2010 . Give them their interview but be careful not to say anything stupid.Tape the interview for legal reasons put it up on the net.Let the truth prevail . Excellent Article !! * * * * * Why Were n't They In Jail ? Aragorn At least 700,000 of retail jobs will be lost . Great idea though , I would love an all White dance class WPWW You went there . Period . Congrats and I hope you both have very happy and long lives together ! I registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear . Do ` F * ck with our families , buckwheat !! Have the mods refused it ? Yes, he has a red Firebird so the wigger 's parents thought he had promise just like all those fictional characters on t.v. White town saved by the magic negroes of Afreakkaland . Your right but i would say if nothing is done fast in 5 years Irish people are doomed . Tch tch tch .... !!! It was ' National Song and Dance Festival ' in Estonia today and yesterday . Why would the press be covering this . May they be put away for good . I can go weeks in my town without seeing a non white unless an Indian is hitchhiking to town . We barely have rail . YouTube - Woman Opens Strip Club In Trailer Home For Teens And Offers Lap Dances To Children ! My Spanish teacher told us Hispanic just means Spanish speaking , and she is white so i dont know why she would lie about it . In order to help increase the booklets downloads , it would be great if all Stormfronters who had YouTube accounts , could display the following text in the description boxes of their uploaded YouTube videos . Getting someone else to do our dirty work got us into the mess we are in today . I visited your website and facebook page , and I like what I see . Obama has membership in Prince Hall ( for blacks ) lodge and will become the next president , according to this guy : [ youtube = http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = _ nLfRsReGII ] Zagami [ /youtube ] I see all of your goals being accomplished , especially finding a girl to settle down with . Please check out my add on this singles site and if you are interested send me a e-mail with your photo and I will get back to you. redbarron Truly sad ... Has it gone or can I just not find it ? well sounds like were looking for the same thing ( but i have no idea if this is actually going to you !!! lol ) & #x202a ; The Vice Guide To Travel - Liberia - Part 1 & #x202c ; & rlm ; - YouTube Someone Please Tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the Mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on Good working People . They love it . Report from the UK : Report of child abuse by Masons at the Witherwack Estate , Sunderland . Ive got nothing against it but i prefer one . We ca n't just keep running to the suburbs . The non white homelands have so much trash and crime in them that non whites mainly choose to stay away . We will never forget this to your nation and to your country ! The tone of voice is actually a lot like icelandic or old norse . I do n't know about you but I rather fight a 2m swedish male than a 1.70m asian kung fu expert . I hope I see the day when thease worthless pieces of crap are OUT OF HERE . Simple truth is that sadly they are preparing them for the only future that marxism offers - Been a dream of mine to visit Iceland for years now . I believe this can be higher since I 've read reports that especially whites in the Free State were not counted in the latest census . Give and take for the good of all . LOL, pillow count means nothing , there are actually five ... It 's nice to be with like-minded individuals . Yeah, when I was younger there were some old lady in my street and kids thought that she is Baba Roga , so one day I waited for her with some pipe , I almost boke her backs ... My mom 's people are originally from down your way in Wise Co. , and also in Tazewell and Russell . Meta you are currently the fittest person I have ever saw on the stormfront site And thats against some pretty stiff competition as well Y' all have a nice day . To spend years and years in Prison for pray painting something on someones house is just not right ! Then your gonna see what hell is like . All of this diversity crap needs to stop soon whites will be extinct and I 'm not living in a brown world I want a clean white world soon enough your kids will be taught black history month in school if they do n't already have to . Yeah iam from Edinburgh and i when i was at secondary school my classes where full of blacks and pakis and half them could hardly speak english . TV 3 I think is controlled by Swedish Gentile Stenbeck family . YouTube - Brussels on 9/11 : For a free Europe , against Islamization A feel a mix of intense hate and depression that we have let things degenerate so far . Strange that it is not allowed to clip the tail from dog , but it is allowed to clip 8 days old boys forskin ? 2508 this gonna be a long post I see - konavle - look better - it is ours on this map ... small land but important His the little John of Ireland.Part of the system as the rest.When it comes down to it these types are more our enemy then the rest . Then there 's beans , potatoes , yams , ... ? Gyspsies ! Of course ATT had to make the one blond boy look stupid . 88 I thought there was talk not too long ago about Putin extending the terms to stay in office ? Hey there , i 'm a skin chic in KC ... i just found out about this site my friend skin14 _ 88 showed this to me ... just saying hello .... Some Klansmen refuse to see where real problems are . I'm in LA . Anyone want to send us photos of activism ? Zulu - Final Attack - YouTube I have to reapply for my citizenship of birth and might possibly be turned down because I 've lived most of my life in Tyskland och USA , trevligt , inte ? Production of white babies and increasing white population is a task of each white couple . It 's all BS anyway . YouTube - & #x202a ; India ministers watch as cop bleeds to death & #x202c ; & rlm ; Ha ha .. so true . If you want a good intro on how to take on anti-Whites check out Beefcake 's Bootcamp . I see that you are a White Patriot , from your other comments . As you are such an expert please explain why there has never been any drugs seizures linked to them or even arrests ? What typical brainwashed liberal lemming . com/watch ? v = n663eVTSyS8 Will do so on Monday , David Irving is a political prisoner in a Europe where you can deny the existence of Jesus Christ but go to jail for denying the existence of gas chambers . As fast as nature is trying to thin them out , our country is undoing the work . Do not open the door at 2 : 00 AM for anyone . And it works in our favor the other way too - pushing White people too far so as to cause them to rebel . She gets cussed every day . Most Canadians here are anti-racist , and those who are n't , are afraid of expressing their feelings . I am in kalamzoo , There are a few of us odinists in town , . Perhaps this person would care to use the PM facility and let others know how happy he/she is to join WS . lookin for white friends online ! i 'm from mexico , and i would like to meet people interested in nordic black metal and the holocaust so we can send mails to each other. : attack Neither an attack on his nose ( which I ca n't distinguish from my own BTW ) . It is happening . YouTube - Authorities release video of detention officer assaulting EDIT : I actually thought the attacker was a male negroid until I just read a report on it on New Nation News . There are 150K or so on SF and the other hundreds of millions just walk thru life with blinders on . Beautiful scenery , music , campfire and good , true company . Eventually , the city would take it back and I 'd be out ten bucks. more entertainment . Then why not simply copy this text ( & links ) and paste it into the description box of your YouTube videos ? Children of Germany : more at Kinder Deutschlands | Alle Inhalte | DW.DE | 04.06.2014 Text says she is from Portugal , but looks racially mixed . These UPA-American scums are welcome to stop by my house I have a surprise Sorry I 'm not in Donetsk yet , just matter of time `` https : //www.facebook.com/TruthfromUkraine ? fref = photo I know what you mean . It was no accident . See UnityND.com . com/watch ? v = hXBcyX97jGM then move on to watching , `` The Loss of Liberty '' film @ youtube . I wish it was n't real , but it is . These are what I am trying to do . hey, hows are you i live in georgia , if you wanna talk just P.M. me like to talk to you. maybe ill see you in POWDERLY , KY for NORDICFEST . Medlem af DFUìs bestyrelse . Seeing the teams of white nations have black players in their ranks is a depressing site to see.They should be representing the best of our nations not the worst http://www.righttomarch.com/ They always have anti-racism campaigns and multikulti propaganda . I' v checked them out but could n't find much but apparently they have presence in Britain . Every country has their own spirit . Coming to a town near you soon . We do not want `` assimilation '' . They did n't last a week because of it . This is a picture of my youngest cat ( Cheeto ) hanging out with my oldest dog ( Nebbie ) . My heart goes out to you .. Just yesterday on t.v. there was some MTV thing where a Western girl was visiting a family in India . The best thing about Thursday fest recently is the home made ice cream they make in front of you with liquid nitrogen !!! Brampton is a run down place now that I would n't live in even if you paid me . Uh oh ... bad move there Mr. King . I 'm going to carefully study it so hopefully I 'll have some decent input to contribute . Usually go to Lake Michigan Beach , MI . Wow, The Birth of a Nation profited ZOG ? I was happy to see only whites in that movie , though there could 've been a few jews or half jews there but I would n't know . Photoshop by enemies is a theory that makes a lot of sense . This is the main logo when you sign on to their website I've taken to call myself either `` European '' , `` half-Irish '' , or `` Irish-American '' . HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATIONAL SOCIALISM THREAD ! You 're treading on very thin ice , jimmy . I had a few of the CDs and gave them all away , let me see if i can get you a copy !!!! YES! Number Two : I disagree with your definition of white nationalism because it is confusing . Hey Frank if I wasnt on the other side of the planet would I do . Yeah it was the same way when I was going to school in Calgary. the problem is they have like 8 kids where we only have about 1-2 children usually . Thanks for your support commando 88 , pm me and we will talk . They are supporting the destruction of their future generations . Charlton Heston is rolling over in his grave knowing an ape has been elected to the white house . She looks like she has some African blood in her , or maybe it 's just the makeup . We all know that when their are too many ethnics , the neighbourhood soon turn 's into a slum . I have been thinking about Ireland as a place to settle and refuge for the white race . But what do I know ? Peter was drafted to the army , as he said . Hello all from Norfolk . I recently watched an item on the BBC news in which a headteacher from a school in Birmingham was interviewed about a lack of funding . I think you should write a book as well . There are few places nowadays where there is freedom of speech so you 'll enjoy posting here ! I noticed the crime stats for Kalispell are a little higher than average . All of these victims can be found here on STORMFRONT . Intelligent Masculine Black Fed Ex Man comes to save the day and explain how stupid the white man is . Male or female . Happy Birthday Brother and many happy returns !! Old postcard of Zebowice ( Zembowitz-Fohrendorf ) in Upper Silesia , it is the town with the largest percentage of the German Minority in Poland . I think the statistics speaks declaration .... CRIPPPINNN !!!! Temp agency in Conroe . Didnt you just say we 're all going to die off anyway ... but its ok because more White people are going to replace us ? There is no time like the present . NYPD COPS FIGHT GIRLS IN SUBWAY - YouTube Black teenagers spray a city bus with assault rifles in downtown Philadelphia . I have two photos on my phone and I do n't know how to upload them at the moment . A man in charge of an organization that is so hated like the KKK should have been more careful . It is nice to see the youth of today uniting ... you are the future of this movement 88 Below is a video of Mr. Hitchens in action when he was last seen on BBC Question Time : Peter Hitchens : Gay Marriage , Immigration , Drugs and Charity - YouTube I need something translated but I would settle for a `` live '' internet sports channel that carries lithuanian or latvian sports . Awwwwww, that so sweet . This is part four of a five part series of videos on the German minority in Upper Silesia . We spoke once about our own sub forum , but answer was strict . Decaying , rotting malls inhabited by rats , wild dogs and homeless former retail employees will be a blight on the suburban landscape for decades . He is the fourth suspect to be charged with her murder . Do you notice how the primate 's , I mean black kid 's arm is around the white girl ? well if i have my way there will be another cook out / camp out one of the frist two weeks of aug in very nothern IL Booklet updated on Feb. 14th , 2014 . I wonder if this is the reason American colonial officers like George Washington could not get a British army commission ? http://www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs ? artid = 222065 Suspected for warcrimes , seeks asylum in Norway A Chechen ( 32 ) - wanted for warcrimes - and a Lebanese ( 41 ) - suspected of warcrimes - lives at an asylum reception center in Norway with their families . We'll never give up ... The jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the European people but WE WILL NEVER CAPITULATE ... ``Tuleistu minu kõrvale '' ? I believe it started to become cooler not long after they arrived but the Nordic settlement was in fact expanding ( to the north ) until they encountered the Inuits . CGG, you and I have many of the same tastes . Nevermind, found the new page Knew it had to be a groid .... any report of rape ? Note! We can ge ttogather sometime if ya want or just talk for a while . One day though , our day will come . I guess everyone is doing Glacier this weekend . Welcome to reality ! The Brazilian president said that Blond hair Blue eyes Anglo-Saxons were the problem in the world . III . It 's not a good video . How on earth can they be Swedes when they are the result of race treason ? I have much unused bandwidth . You sound like an intelligent person but how can you say that we need to remove race from our message when that is our message . Hell of a show as well ! I think i heard your name on the stromfront radio , im honored . I heard their was 5000 people at it . It is nearing the end of 2013 , so soon I will be starting a thread for the new year . I 've been in this scene for 14 years and it 's the same story every town/state I 've ever been to . I guess it 's official then , nothing on this planet is k-proof ... Like the Gods telling us that this does n't work ! 2508 Are you my White Princess ? For most of the service jobs you definatly have to speak Danish well . I must admit when I first read it and saw the poster was in Sydney , I was suprised the poster did not pick up the PLE thread in the SFDU section , let alone the threads stickied in this forum . ``MeineEhre heisst Treue Treue und Ehre bis Zum Tod Niemals aufgeben , niemals Reue Das haben wir uns einst geschworn '' Class song . Racist incidents in Ireland up by 85 percent says Immigrant Council | Irish News | IrishCentral Racist incidents in Ireland up by 85 percent says Immigrant Council Read more : Racist incidents in Ireland up by 85 percent says Immigrant Council | Irish News | IrishCentral Follow us : @IrishCentral on Twitter | IrishCentral on Facebook It really would n't surprise me if 3 years marked a big change in attitudes as well as demographics From what I 've read , Bokmal is used in newspapers , official documents , and spoken in the big cities while Riksmal is rural and spoken in the small towns and in the country. ( IF I remember correctly ) . Ireland does n't need arab scum like these . Aragorn You mean us white taxpayers gotta pay for this , too ? Even the best teachers have to play by THEIR rules so it does n't do much good for them to be there . One day when true people come to power in italy they will have to go back where they came from ! Italy to Italians !! YouTube - Orangutan Towan Paints at Woodland Park Zoo , HD The downfall has begun ... Hagen is also member of a fraternity called `` Israels friends '' and was on television celebrating the national day of Pakistan some time ago . 14/88 The only Blacks i saw were Somalies .. and they 're a cross mix of Black and Arabs . Here's one of me I think it 's several months old though I am not certain . DR Congo troops accused of rapes Government troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo carry out most of the rapes of civilians caught up in the war with rebel groups , a rights group says . Oragus-I live in San Bernardino , send me a pm ? evllzrd1-out by ontario mills eh ? How much for a single white male to purchase a small plot ? Andy Cameron - Ally 's Tartan Army ( TOTP ) 1978 - YouTube hi read your post and my name is james from australia , and would like to well write to such a pleasent person as yourself have a nice day ! I stayed there for a few months a year and a half ago for small job my work bid . 2508 I am Med , very pale in sun , look a bit tan in low lighting lol. black hair and tall. would i have a problem too ? just wondering . Whiter than Armenians for sure . Is so readily happy to `` welcome '' . Also if they get fed up with multiculturalism they at least have a country they can go back to which is set up just for their race . I think I 'll get me a couple of these things . Soccer is the black mans game as they are so many of them playing soccer in poportion to whites . http://www.natfront.com/join.html We will never forget their heroism . If you would like to join the group it explains on our board all about P.L.E and what our goals are . im from nepa not looking for a relationship just someone to talk to my brother goes to ps in state college so im down there quite often xxboobearxx@aol.com I was hoping that at least one of those animals would get their heads lobbed off by the propeller blades like in Dawn of The Dead . So you advocate independence , just to join another sovereign Nation ( As Wales would be in this hypothetical scenario ) ? That 's the first I heard of her and her story , truely saddening . No white person should ever be compared to a black and other useless races . Please notice my lengthy thread showing just a small portion of the jobs available in this area . Well what I got to hear of it was pretty cool . In school they teach that if it makes black people look bad , then it did n't happen . Those of you that go on Craig 's List may have seen them around recently . http://movies.nytimes.com/2009/02/06/movies/06shor.htmlYouTube-NewBoyhttp://www.getthebigpicture.net/blog...m-new-boy.html Ie : warm water fish , cold water fish , birds , big game ? Maybe spread some HATE and intolerance ? I wonder if he has red eyes then he must be from Transylvania , we must have a red eyed leader , maybe you ... Notice how not one of these Hungarians gave one good source validating their preposterous claims , they just came here to complain and start name calling , just as stupid liberals do . http://youtube.com/watch ? v = gdYJjU-Nx6E The maker of this video may be Jewish , not sure , he has a big kosher-lookin nose . If there is a non white in town , everyone knows about it . Kountze is ~ 70 % White , 23 % Black , & 5 % Hispanic , so I looked in the area. in a good way. source : City Data Judge says `` he 's overly found of children '' and lets him off with slap on wrist . The PLE that I join will be centered on MUSIC . If the E actually stood for real English , rather than the homogenous multiculti * * * * that they have in their ranks I 'd be ready to support them . I tried to find this crappy commercial on YouTube when it first came out so I could post it here . NPD demonstration in Hamburg : 35 attendants . Can we count you in ? The rich who talk of class warfare are the very ones who engineer it and try and convince the poor to attack the middle working class . Was walking through tooting broadway in SW London a couple of weeks ago .... was the only white dude around and all I could see was nigs and pakis walking down the street spitting , made me feel ill ! They 'd rather sit in front of their computer wearing a Brownshirt uniform while taking pics of themselves with a webcam . Lunch was surreal . Yes a globe is round , and for centuries those round globes did not have a `` Belarus '' on them . http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-death-penalty2-2010apr02,0,5824772.story * * * * * * * * Kevin Bautista , a 21-year-old black , was shot and killed Saturday , March 27 , According to an LAPD news release , Bautista was sitting in the passenger seat of his car about 6 : 15 p.m. `` when a man and woman drove up in a gray sedan and stopped at the southeast corner of 84th Street and Harvard Boulevard . '' And most people will laugh and shake their head at you when you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people . I want more data but this is a good start ... You 've made me wish I had n't been such a TV-phobe these last few years Next stop , I 'll be looking up all these characters and adding photos in case there are other cave dwellers like me on this thread ... dancing Armenians , if sombody can find any non white Armenian , i bid i 'll eat yelow pages without cooking ! Notice all the lovely Pakistani people celebrating , it warms the cockles of my heart - it really does . There are really few Jews and millions of those bastards on the body of our country . Welcome, but please do make an effort to use proper English when posting , rather than mobile phone text messaging style . 2508 Obviously not . 5 One young Pakistani youth can be seen joyfully celebrating by standing on the roof of a bus !!! I guess there 's going to be some miraculous event within the next 11 years that will make everyone mixed race . at least this is been reported , i wonder how many cases like this one happen in USA , England etc and are never reported ! The greatest result of this is that their narrative will become so estranged from the truth it will HELP wake people up . It 's another way to destroy Hungarians on top of promoting * * * * * * music , race mixing and pornography . This is ARKANSAS they have no right to smell up my place with their chinese restaurant BO ~ ▲ RESTORE ORDER ▲ ~ Justin Butler , 28 , and Briana Adams , 21 ( coalburner ) , each face a criminal abuse charge after police say the couple 's infant child was found with six healing rib fractures and a broken femur http://www.lex18.com/news/couple-fac ... with-injuries/ Her forehead sticks out her eyes are small and close together her nose at the tip is bulbous I do n't see anything European about her apart from the fact she 's got fair skin . i seen the article we want to go to ireland get free money and goverment will give us houses and not one member of goverment says a peep expect residents against racism to take on their cause and the law system to make a mint off of them . One day I have seen it on EBay , but I 'm not sure about authenticity of the mask . Where in Alabama are you ? maybe they 're so far into lies that it 's hard for them to comprehend the truth as it may be coming to them too much . hi all i am from south of london. hope to make many like minded friends got bored of listening to the lefties so need to talk to real people I believe another Leader will arise but it is going to get as lot worse beforehand . The kids were not allowed to talk . My last post here if you do n't post in Macedonian thread . You mean adoption of this new found identity which in all reality is a Greek identity . My wife 's favorite place in Ireland is in the Kingdom , Cloghane Village , and O' Connor 's pub. I hope that place has n't been invaded . I've been posting this story on several forums and sending out quite a few emails . Everything that symbiosis a western nation is now becoming a `` Hate Sign '' How come anything that represents Jewish or Muslim traditions is not a symbol of hate ? Police allege the man , described as black and between 17 and 20 , got out of his car , walked back to where Bautista was sitting and shot him . Done! They can be downloaded from these sites : www.solargeneral.com www.natvan.com www.ncoal.com If anyone can tell what happened on this lake ? Yes but most are not even brown or tanned . Situation for Ukrainian patriots is turning for bad in Crimea Food for military attempted to pass through the fence . I am looking for a website that will sell and deliver flags to Ireland . http://www.nogw.com/download/ _ 07 _ il _ kidnap _ aussie.pdf I just asked on another related board if anyone had seen the at home alarm system commercial where the White guy breaks into a house and a Negro takes the alarm call and calls the cops ? YouTube - Blacks Attack White Police Officers and Citizens at Iowa State Fairgrounds YouTube - Black Man gouges out DJ 's eyes after attack . I have n't been able to finish watching even one of these videos . Its disgusting they these foreigners come over here , stamp their feet and jump above good Irish families and get what they want . Does anyone want to meet somewhere within the next few weeks ? YouTube - Teacher Attacked for Being White 9 year old attacks white teacher , explicitly `` because she was white . '' Longer and unedited recording of the radio show : The Jay Thomas Show : ( Warning : Some Graphic Language ) Tuesday 's Heated Exchange Involving Leith Officials Over Mistreatment Claims by Girlfriend of Kynan Dutton | WDAY | Fargo , ND Conservative and white . Restaurant - Summer Skadarlija `` Ima dana '' Restaurant-Winter Restaurants R.I.P Elizabeth . They do not want all of us to find out how she was raped and tortured . Beautiful, I 'm so glad it went well . Click to enlarge , then save to desktop to use ! cb punet square1.PNG cbr punet square1.PNG ca punet square1.PNG I made these a few days ago and was using them on Craig 's List in Europe . First kiss was behind the church door in third grade . the town where i live you could probably get away with it i have had mine on a few times and never had a problem Beware of the falling house prices that Negroes bring with them ( another reason why you 'll never find them living near politicans ) . `` Karogs sarkanbalti sarkans , miru os un dzīvos klāj , pretī sarkanajam mērim , nāves sardzē latviet 's stāj ! '' I hope you all stick around on SF and become involved/stay involved with nationalist politics . I 'm sure Gaelic games especially hurling would be too rough for them also . Might I suggest this documentary series for getting rid of europhobic tendencies ? Double Standard ? Are there any sources that state that it was Trotsky who reiceived the money and was responsible for destruction of Black Hundreds , as opposed to Lenin or another Bolshevik leader ? Hey, I 'm looking to meet new people maybe find myself a nice white boy . Marxist America at it again . Not only is this case typical of the feral sub humans but it 's a perfect example for our people of how totally out of control they are and that they cannot be allowed to remain among us . I asked for this on another thread , but was subjected to untelling rudeness . Even has a restaurant in it . Thanks to the imported filth that , like our land under its current occupation . http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 9nehhqHltaE & feature = player _ embedded ca n't w8 for it ... They do it because they know it pisses the whites off , by showing disrespect as such for other people shows they have no respect for themselves . US dollars please . I'm going to try my hand at laying this out . WhiteByP-I 'm not sure if SWP is a group or what , but I know a few people that sport that , maybe we could talk some . have you been in studentski grad in Sofia , you should go and see young student girls from FYROM geting down with Bulgarians serbs and albanians get ur booty too VIKI RALEVA VELIKI BRAT ПС.ВО КУМАНОВО СЕКОЈА ВТОРА Е СО СИПТАР ХАХА Advance Auto Parts on their store poster features a black male and white female counter clerks.One of the most widespread examples of race mixing is your local and national news anchor teams , almost always a black male and white female . I have family there . hey, maybe we can meet before I go back to school , if you want to just PM me and I can give you my AIM , yahoo , MSN ICQ whatever 2508 Adrien Holboth Julia Kovacs Anita Salata Dora Barkaszi Zsofia Buki Beata Frank Eszter Gulyas Eniko Halasz Ramona Kiss Marta Knoll Szandra Proksa Let 's hope so ! Only the future will determine which plan can be used to bring our race out of its current predicament . You may aswell start up a party called British Racist Party , the word fascist is deemed as bad if not worse . A teacher at a Baton Rouge elementary school was arrested just two hours into his first day on the job Tuesday . All you need is an orange tree or apple tree in the backyard and the orangutan will happily spend all day there . I've just been reading through quite a few of them and I 'm pleased to say there seems to be quite a degree of support . The school systems are broken . For most of them it 's call of their own soul and not economical mean only I feel a great appreciation and admiration for the Polish people and I get sad when i hear white brothers speaking ill of the poles . Thats got to be a exaggeration right ? I went to Oklahoma for thanksgiving and spent over a $ 100.00 on their ( Amish ) pies , turkey and other food . God bless in either case Awesome band back in the day ! I'm looking for a white enchanting girl , That I can have by my side , . through the thick filth that us americans go through and the best of times aswell . So that excludes uneducated third worlders . I 'll host it for a spell if anyone wants to send it to me . No matter how many times I browse through it , its impact does n't lessen . Roger Waters & Eddie Vedder - Comfortably Numb - 12-12-12 Sandy Relief Concert at MSG - YouTube Guy looks like he could be Mexican . so they even IDOLIZE a convicted Pedophile and Murderer -- convicted in a public trial -- and established an organization to shield pedophiles and child killers from further scrutiny of American law Is this the one who broke out of six different concentration camps as a child and swam 200 miles upstream in the icy Danube River ? I never attacked you and i am not your son plus i dont care what you done.P M if you have a problem That or it might be that Blacks have smaller brains and an IQ 15-30 points lower than that of White people on average . What u look like ? Do you have any figures on this ? Thanks... Anti-White C * * T. Make a visit here , lad . . Hey, I am in Mesa .. there's working class and there 's chav. they 're the only ones breeding yet aspire to act like blacks. they needed direction and national service . I ca n't wait till they take over our country and we all have to convert to Islam . It 's amazing how the media spin can make it seem other races are minorities when they vastly outnumber us . http://www.thepost.ie/post/pages/p/s...726-qqqx=1.asp Have you heard of Ajattara Barth ? just joined the best membership in the world and need someone to show the ropes on this site , also looking for az girls in phoenix area . Food and water will obviously be very important , and the means to defend it What a defense force ... they are all haunted ... say hi to Casper in Upington , what a good soul Myndighetene vurderer nå om de skal få permanent oppholdstillatelse . Unfortunately I have n't kept up with this maddening story , but have hate crime charges been filed against these black apes ? I do n't have a problem with English working or living in Ireland , maybe it was your personality that was the problem . I think that the Inuits were the premier reason for the disappearance of the Nordic people . ( Now with over 18,300 Downloads. ) I have just added Treblinka : By Carlo Mattogno , Extermination Camp or Transit Camp ? The Chinese have really built their country in the past few decades and that included lots of high speed rail . Complete nonsense with your own plain as day motive lurking around in the background as usual . The article shows people are acting , action I support . I've taken a few dance classes at various times and enjoy it . Irish, There is nothing wrong with being polite . Nope. I dont get why having 3 kids is such a burden for white people . Well then , that makes the fact these scum are sending millions of their kin to my country , taking jobs from the White inhabitants , killing our people and mongrelizing our race all alright then . I saw the same thing on the yahoo page but decided not to make a post . You can call it a lost cause but I call it home . It was disturbing to read that the Swedish foreign minister was stabbed today . Go to the audio archive of David Duke 's Town Hall and you 'll hear the voice of David Duke and other prominent pro-white activists . Perry Ross Schiro , 19 , of Harnett County was charged yesterday with murder in the Sept. 21 shooting death of Emily Elizabeth Haddock . I think its a great site and very informative As the pace of retailer collapse accelerates in 2009 , larger malls will begin to go dark . i used to go out with younger women but i just dont understand them any more. i would prefer low 30s were they have gotten some of the wildness out of them . I'll edit out a few of the most revealing images . Call ( 281 ) -973-0420 now ! WE CRIPPIN NIGGA . Please watch your six brothers and sisters we are all targets to some degree . Is it possible that we developed an alcohol tolerance as a way to conquer other tribes ? Ya gota be fecken kiddin me ST PATRICK WAS NOT BLACK !!!!!!!!! Scary Bus Shooting Caught On Tape : Philly Bus Stopped , Rear Door Opened And Gunman Opened Fire ! Very good I like this WE all play a role as part of the White nation . I 've always considered teaching as one of the professions I would like to get into , but not in a neighbourhood like that ... never. kids like that disgust me . Wow! Liked the music , by the way . Your request was misconstrued , so we all hope , but maybe focus on building the movement based on conviction , not gender . All the time the white wife is drooling over him and flirting with him . The Irish brought Christianity and learning to Pagan Britain. ( posted in reply to BRs deleted post ) . 2508 I want to meet someone here while I am in the north to show this southern boy around Email me at Justintime712@cs.com I dont know Birmingham but generally the best places to go for a haircut are up market and more importantly old fashioned hotels . The media also promotes race mixing as cool ! hi i would love to chat with u ... pm me when u are online ok ?? i am a strong aryan woman Anyways if proven wrong by extensive genetic and anthropological evidence , I will accept the view that to be considered white you must be of pure European ancestry . This is just so wrong . It does indeed look like a strange thing to do . That's an American invention My Dear . This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum Especially Brampton . I've seen that documentary for some time ago , and I suppose that it has been broadcasted in other nordic countries , too . It irritates the hell out of me . Come and have a look around the area where I live and see all the 18-25 year old Muslims parked up outside the schools trying to entice 13 - 16 year old English girls to get in their cars . Has anyone watched the Vice Channel 's guide to Liberia ?? i do this and the looks i get out of disgust are regular but i happily carry on walking and laugh them off , they think showing me a few pictures of negro kids on a poster without a burger is going to make me want to give money to them ? Glad to see that there are so many of us here in Wisconsin . Everyday we called her a race traitor and said her forefathers hang their heads in shame and that she is abusing their sacrifice for her own selfishness . everyone who doesnt speak Romanian and look as in WHITE get out of Romania a move back to your homeland . The Indian teenager was showing the Caucasian American girl how to dissolve cow dung in water , and then use a broom to spread the filth all over the floor of their house . Did you see anything other than white faces in that non racially edited video ? If thinking was easy everyone would be doing it . Agreed. The islamic disease is even more dangerous than the more obvious black or yellow disease . Wow these videos piss me off . - Eric It is the spirit , of your country . So why are n't you complaining about the other mud races ? http://www.exterminationist.com/science.htmhttp://www.exterminationist.com/leaflets.htm There is alot of work to be done . Amen brother ..... you did say it like you been there ... they talk crap and if you show fear they 'll be on ya fast . Back of a bus on a truth or dare when I was in high school , when a moment seem to last forever . When the populations are not seperated racial mixing occurs and that is genocide . The site become legendary www.ns-wp.cc has again opened video section is accessible http://ns-wp.cc/index.php ? option = com _ jdownloads & Itemid = 5 & task = view.download & cid = 2 New Year 's congratulation http://ns-wp.cc/index.php ? option = com _ jdownloads & Itemid = 5 & task = view.download & cid = 3 Flying untermench Imagine this as a pro Romney video with Ted Nugent in a black family 's home screaming at them to wake the bleep up . no you do n't have to be silent read the rest of my post , christ your really thick are n't you . go to www.limerickpost.ie . the story here is typical lies the black is laughing all the way to the bank and he did rob the man . I will get the set I have scanned and have them out into another post w/in a few days . Just wandering if anyone can fill me about them more ? Gleiwitz/Oberschlesien - YouTube Bonnier probably control some 70 % or so of all media in Sweden . It 's a symbol demonstrating a lack of oxygen to the head of all its members . Nice to know that are still a few men out there who `` have a pair '' . I shall not waste a single more moment of my time to converse with you . Unfortunately I 'm over by Houston.Funny.I was born in Bastrop , La. hey i just moved here and dont know anyone yet ... so if anyone lives around here id like meet ya and hang out or something . Just saw an video that i would share with you guys YouTube - `` WHITE GENOCIDE IN AFRICA '' THE BEGINNING OF THE END ! com/watch ? v = kBD6Gm6VoDM Then watch 8 min. Obama at AIPAC @ youtube . http://www.newnation.vg/forums/showthread.php?p=325910 Coach Accused Of Fondling Student Student 's Mother Alerts Deputies After Finding Note POSTED : Monday , March 8 , 2010 UPDATED : 9 : 42 am EST March 9 , 2010 * * * Pedophile Alert * * * Robert Bennett. http://www.clickorlando.com/educatio...82/detail.html http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = w-yIU ... elated & search = Many nazis just sit on their asses , drink beer and watch TV . I sin fritid går Karina Sørensen på jagt med sin far , dyrker styrketræning eller nyder tilværelsen med sin kæreste . Many thanks for the suggestions and pictures . They actually have ads warning people about getting mugged etc , but there is no hint of responsibility in them . Can you please give the info on the facts of who the Celts were or direct to where the information is ? We need immigrants.Reality is kicking in for a lot of people who were all for immigration.The Blacks put up in hotels and Irish on the dole.Story here www.independent.ie Contact me , we 'll have a holiday ... - cheers . Thank you in advance. : ) Download the youtube `` description box '' info text file below @ http://www.mediafire.com/download/gxv2b33v37la6pz/Booklet % 20Description % 20Box % 20Info.txt YouTube - Dmitri Hvorostovsky - Eugene Onegin - Onegin \ \ \ ' s Act I aria Renee Fleming and Dmitri Hvorostovsk - Lippen Schweigen ( Lehar , `` Die Lustige Witwe '' ) YouTube - Lippen Schweigen - Hvorostovsky & Fleming `` Offtop '' bonuses : Hvorostovsky - `` Troika '' YouTube - Hvorostovsky - Troika Dmitri Hvorostovsky - `` Temnaya Noch '' YouTube - Temnaya Noch Dmitri Hvorostovsky - `` Little Bell '' YouTube - Hvorostovsky - Little Bell Dmitri Hvorostovsky - `` Moscow Nights '' YouTube - Dmitri Hvorostovsky Moscow Nights `` My message to UPA and Bandera scum from a Polish American small town politician from Pennsylvania .... My aunt teaches at an all black inner city school in Kent , OH . Well for all of my friends down there , we all got thrown out of the big local bar in this little town and it 's all my fault hahahahahaha I do n't think we 'll be welcome back for a LONG time . I use YouTube a lot and I 've been seeing this phrase all over . Unfortunately , we missed out last year but this year s occasion will definitely make up for it . Way to go ! I find that surprising , since Finland after all once conquered Sweden , and ockupied it for several hundred years . This is black behavior as well . The update on this situation in San Francisco is that a judge rejected the idea that guns could be banned there . Turns out it 's a female negroid assaulting the White woman . As i always said before , there is just too much animosity over the last 200 years for that to occur . white single girl looking for a guy within the state of California ( hopfully someone near or in the city of Los Angeles ) . Better head down to the tubes . I think there was a link on the News forum and if I 'm not mistaken , I believe White Settlement is a suburb of Ft . I finally heard back from the Child Development today . Wolf 278 Her victim Wesley Mosier was shot multiple times in the chest , then she and her teen aged son got out and proceeded to kick him repeatedly until the police showed up http://www.courier-journal.com/artic ... g + motorcyclist Screen Wait till the end when the Blond girlfriend comes in ... i am a 16yr old irish male dont worry lads i ll make sure ireland stays white and i hope i can count on help from my stormfront brothers around the world ???? 2508 For ten dollars it would give me some entertainment . The kind of savagery against females that has become expected from negroids in todays society ... Seems none of these pinheads wanted to get dirty . I just do n't understand . As you have just informed me via a PM that you have added me to your ignore list it really is a valueless post is n't it ? It has only taken 14 months to arrive to this point . My wife had to spend time at the UP Hospital in Philadelphia - thank God I was licensed to carry in Pa. Downtown Philadelphia is becoming a cesspool . I lived in a town when I was younger ( here in colorado ) It was tiny , took maybe 30 minutes to walk across the whole town . I think you should try to speak at the EURO Conference this year about the PLE Concept . These ' people ' are just scum . 14words mikkke14 Karina Sørensen er medlem af økontaktudvalget . It is good to see it back on public display at the Kremlin . Sometimes I watch television here and the camera man asks some Americans where Canada is , most dont even know . The attacks are coming from wankers who live in England maybe even born here and have little or no English ancestry and call themselves British . The english policy was one of extermination from day 1 . Seekers of Truth , Start out by watching the `` Benjamin Freedman Speaks '' video @ youtube . My theory is that diversity is not as popular as the wagon burners on Unity North Dakota would have us believe . More people must have realized the truth . heil sisters and brothers lit see if this makes it I do n't care about looks I 'm a happy puppy if you are WHITE PRIDE thin you are right. if you are skin or kkkk or A.N or what ever you are We are family in this war for are gods and race stand tall and be proud to be a ARYAN 88 Goldenboy 88 As i said the irish media are scared o please give us an interview.Things are are going bad now for the media the lies are not belived by the irish people . Some of the kids threw a DESK out of a third floor window onto a teacher and broke his arm . Somali Turkish Bosnian Colombian ( eye shape indicates Native American ancestry ) Albanian Moroccan Tunisian Thai Syrian refugees arrive Turkish group in Iserlohn , NRW First multireligious ( Christian-Jewish-Muslim ) religious building in Berlin http://www.pi-news.net/2014/06/berli ... gioese-kirche/ Jesus Christ is Lord indeed . TV 4 is controlled by Jewish Bonnier ( Hirschel ) family . A mate from school started talking about this group . ~ ME YouTube - Black mugger sentenced to 75 years in prison for hate crimes against elderly women YouTube - Cop 's mace vs black guy 's kung fu YouTube - African American man sprays semen on white woman in supermarket YouTube - White guy beaten nearly to death by Blacks for dating a Black woman , no hate crime there YouTube - Broadcast Yourself . Kiss uncle Samael for me , will you ? True , you have to have money to leave but it seems like no one is helping ya 'll . Send them all to Afreaka And sink the farkin boat ! Nice . Though starvation is a horrible way to die . Hungarians . It seems to mean anything that involves some place where the true white brit can meet and enjoy themselves is gradualy being shut or knocked down probably replace them with mosques . It 's amazing how well dogs and cats get along when they are raised together . If anyone wants to hook up , let me know . hope one day i will be able to see finland withouth those * * * * ing monkey ass soumalian ... im glad .. because finland has lowest immigrate in europe ..... kick those * * * * ing soumalians ass ..... Don't care much for football these days and sincerely hope that the team called England get a hiding but i will be wearing my new Serbia shirt during the tournament.COME ON SERBIA DO US PROUD ! That doesn`t sound to bad , wait till you see 30 kids , 5 of which are white ! Yes the camp out will take place next month , we have a magnificent spot for it in the mountains of leinster . Planet of the apes . When they refuse to convert to Islam they will learn at the end . Probably the most disgusting thing I 've seen in the last year . Ironic that they would consider those from Iceland as Germanic when people from Iceland have a 50 % blood link with Ireland due to the Viking slave trade . And the white guy can lose some weight , shave and get a haircut . You know my track record from the pms I have sent ya . Well atleast the guy was 64 years old , hopefully he 's too old to bear any half caste children with that Filipina woman . OFF TOPIC but it has been brought to my attention that this thread is now over a year old so ... Wow .. I expect there will be half a dozen posters getting up on their soapboxes awful quickly ... we're out just gotta keep looking i live in east texas out here its just as hard for us to find single white men I'm off out to a metal show , this is what my knees looked like after the last death metal show i went too ... In late June early July with friends and family .. Hell they fry it in lard and eat it with rice . This is my next read . Guess I will have to find a new favorite movie . My old high school that I graduated from has sold its soul to the devil . When I hear the term `` American '' , I think of yahoos who are every color of the rainbow and who start wars in the Middle East for Israel 's benefit . Is crime a particular problem for any of you who live there ? Hello Direland2006 and welcome to SF . Their stories have been told before , so instead of showing the pics of the non WHITE garbage that took from them , I am just going to post their pics so they will not be forgotten . London nowadays is more dangerous for tourists than Zimbabwe Like the above poster says do n't go to London just go someplace else that is much better like Bath or Stratford Upon Avon ( Shakespeare Birthplace ) Londonistan is a craphole Stupid White Man makes vacation get away in living room . You Should expand your circle of WNs full stop . It looks like a good kind of army , with occasional internet access . Been lurking around for far too long and felt it was high time I got my bum signed up in the hope of finding other active and like minded folk close to home . Not one of them answered him properly ! Thank you for posting your story . I have to say I was shocked when he said the kids at his ( Junior ) school spoke 31 different languages and teachers have had to devise a system of hand signals to communicate ! The snake should be chased out again ! Not too sure SF would want such lists of enemies on it given similar things led to the raids on Italian SF members earlier this year and last week . This is the biggest problem which faces our race today as more non white immigrants move in whites dont want to live in or near their ghettos . A non-citizen shall have no such rights , but also no such duty . Please pm me or post here . So I should probaly start working on the biscuits and gravy for breakfast when you come up then , huh ? It is a noble idea but I would rather stay here in mostly white Missouri then move to 35 % black South Carolina . Oberschlesien - Als die Deutschen weg waren ( 4/5 ) - YouTube There are no plans for any new sub-forums on SF Europe . Also charged are Sherrod Nicholas Harrison , 19 , Michael Graham Currie , 18 , and Van Roger Smith , 16 , all of Cameron in Harnett County . Good post my friend . At the moment , the dance classes in my small town have all stopped . Polite people are rarely seen as huge threats to small town life . Lords of the Planet , the Solar System and the Beyond . Remember people it is our DUTY to spread Dr. Dukes excellent videos far and wide . Black ' females ' fighting with black police in Harlem after the officers try to ticket them for skipping their fares . I 'll have a look around and try and get them up for people to see . He of all people should have known to what extent the Federal Government will go to have people like him thrown in prison . Hope you have a great day my friend and have pint or two on me !! Who says this is an undeclared war ? I 've added you to my AIM but have yet to catch you online . Then they will whine for days about the hard life of a 26 year old single mom of 7 kids Justice for Emily how the hell are they going to integrate into Irish society ? They come from a dirt poor medieval country and have spent the last 3 years living in a refugee camp.what skills are they going to bring here ? Or just say as You remember it and I 'll say if it 's correct . Thank you . Nearly everyone has better high speed rail that we do . Click on the `` DOWNLOAD ( 7.42 MB ) '' green banner link . It`s hard to believe anyone except the people you know or your own eyes . zpridez NO big deal , I got your drift.IMO If these bellyaching Black peoples et al continue to negate/or ignore the present ' Products of Progress ' within society we 're all doomed . I am looking for Brothers and Sisters to hang out with . You've managed to climb your way out of the valley of deceit and you 've found your way to the pastures of truth . I would like to know how are the nationalists parties going on in the five countries of this beautiful part of Europe called Scandinavia ? Change the language of your keyboard setting in your Control Panel under the Regional Optional and Langauges theme. or . . . Thank you brother . I have a bunch more pics if anyone wants to see ' em. just drop me an email . I'm guessing that you are not from Ireland as then you would know how well organised AFA are . My moms in town and I took her on the going to the sun road .. Wntube is now .net , not .com. Maybe try out Red Harvest , The Berzerker and Mistress . If Jews are also apart of the minority group , then does n't that make Tim Wise 's book , `` White Like Me '' moot ? Surprised it came back so fast ... It's sad Britons are still arguing about the past when the enemy is within. staring them in the face and still do Feck all . Unless I 'm looking at the wrong pictures , Ari looks more White than the Crown Prince , and looks more nordic than his wife . Relationships are highly overrated I think Hang tough . My name is SunofSvarog . Seeking any good single Woman in the Fox Valley area for some conversation and maybe some romance . Services account for 62.6 % of GDP Construction , manufacturing , and utilities 25 % of GDP Fish and fish processing 9.9 % Agriculture 1.8 % Main exports Fish and crustaceans 63 % ( 2000 ) Aluminum 19.4 % Tourism Accounted for 14 % of foriegn exchange It looks like they have a pretty modern economy , not many low skill jobs available . Thank You , Are you THEA charles Martell ?? It was so good ! Merry Christmas and Happy Yule ! did anyone go to this last night ? I guess it 's a good thing we did n't let any walk on the moon , heaven knows what would have happenned to it . Every state is plagued with disunity ! Our enemies have used RACE against us and are currently trying to destroy our RACE through a variety of different means . I think it good strategy that we start these in small areas then grow outwards. perhaps 2 close communities can merge if they get big enough . They are anything but Swedes and to be honest it is good to get rid of them . I normally have a goatee . US-based Human Rights Watch says thousands have been raped by rebels and soldiers in the past six months . The Ukrainian Carpathians [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] [ /TD ] Our smart liberals say that we need thousands of `` high-quality '' non-european immigrants per year , but for what ? That is good news When i was in Norge .. I thought Bono and Clooney were picking up the tab for Africa ?? http://www.wafb.com/Global/story.asp ? S = 11397795 Robinson had allegedly tried to sell the 225-pound piece of artillery , but Hurlee grew suspicious and called the Sheriff 's Office . Saga is good too , I like any of her stuff that I 've heard , although I hear she is n't too popular with some of the people in the movement in her own country ... Me thinks Genesis is a negro who thinks he 's from the line of Adam.A troll , confused , black and prowling Stormfront.So make the Revelation Genesis - what are you really up to ? Hopefully they will get deportation orders and be on the next flight back to Cairo . It only took Labour ten years to bring more immigrants * cough * invaders , here than had ever migrated here in the last 5 thousand years . on a TV show yesterday regardin crime by foreigners in Russia a black man stood up and proclaimed that crime has no colour or race. every vigoursoly clapped and i bet not a single one was a dirty African.they will be well taken care of on welfare payments.just like the old days the Irish starve and have to go abroad to find work only this time parasitical foriegners stay here in nice new homes well fed watching big flat screen tellyspeople of Ireland WAKE UP ! I can get a ride to see you some time this summer if that is cool i need to get up with someone in NJ as it is his name is HAL i have talk to him but i want to meet him so when i go to see him I can stop to see you if that is ok sorry mods , i posted this twice by mistake so you can kill this thread and leave the other as i cant seem to be able to delete it . Do n't let that poor kid die in vain while we still draw air for all of you > > > > > serbian chetniks with german soldiers during ww2 so stop telling lies that all serbians chetniks was against nazis german soldiers I was out there like 2 weeks ago and got my new doc 's , maybe we can talk too ? Arkan _ USA I heard whites could purchase land off each other if they wanted to move into Orania . Stupid pop up froze the song for the fourth time in a row so I gave up ... will keep it logged for future use when I get the reformatting disc . They will never acknowledge it no matter how much proof you have . 5 years later we split up . What are the major fish and game species of the region ? I was just about to say the same as Draiodoir . Neither Stormfront or the moderators check the validity of posts like this . I do n't think anyone here is saying that the Polish are on the same level as blacks . As a temporary solution , the owner has put up just a question mark , which has remained until today . Also you can check out this website . Do n't matter who you follow or supporter etc it is for white nationalists ! I just moved back here from sask. And do n't know many people . Don't be ridiculous ! I can always use some hands around the place . Those men were obviously so brave and fierce that they instill fear in their commie enemies even when they are dead . Live music and dancing . Anything goes these days to make Whites look like total jack asses . Ariel Laurie , Israeli Soldier , Grabs Toddler in Australia Kidnaps 6 year old boy , says he 's going to put him into car trunk but mother chases him down . On Set of Nickelodeon 's `` The Haunted Hathaways '' - YouTube 3 white women no father living in a house with three negro males . :attack hi im new at this so if u want to talk to me let me know i would like to get to know u if u dont mind my name is bill Their cheerleaders went to court for their First Amendment rights in putting Bible verses on their football game banners & won . It 's common in the schools here ! See thread `` Racially motivated attacks on white teachers '' : 9 middle schoolers beat a white woman ( teacher ? ) on a bus on the way to school . I dont want to argue but will you nordicists ever stop claiming that blondism in the rest Europe only comes from your lands ? How could you begin to tell people that all this multi cultural stuff is wrong without being hated on by our fellow people ? That would be too expensive . Yeah, if msnbc would air videos like this they 'd get much higher ratings than the same ole negro grumblings . Jackson is black ; his two victims were white . Or a Ukraine for that matter . Silence . 35109 It looks like I have to create MY own copy of PDF file , since the OP version is a read-only item. ( sigh ) They act quite civilized in the video but i suppose they went on a mugging spree after . Exactly. We are trying to get people in every White nation around the world to distribute White Nationalist flyers on Saturday night , October 13th . Counter-demonstrators were said to be 800 . Thank you ..... I am not very well read when it comes to Fascism and was led to believe that they 'd have eschewed any non-European culture or influence . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-mRZ...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzaV3...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRoj1...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-URO...elated&search=http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = v12VY ... elated & search = May I share with the good people on this board a delightful and enriching video I found on YouTube of the town in which I grew up . I think there is more threat from Russians than from Jews . This is precisely the frustration that brings any White person round to white nationalism , so obviously you are in exactly the right place . on here look in your state. its important that white women speak about it to white men that are on the edge of being liberals or not lol or brainwashed fruit cakes.you can shock them wake them up or remind them. keep it up do n't get down on yourself. men will do whatever a woman says right lol wwwfaem.com Have you ever heard about death mask of Franco ? I 'm in Birmingham , myself and even the nicer suburban area where I 'm from is getting darker and darker . Does it surprise you that jews promote faggotry ? Allow me to apologize for my last post , as I was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ? come on now I 've had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble . sounds like a good thing ....... I 'll pitch in for food .... but if we meet in a park or something like that .. somebody please .... do n't forget the beer permit ...... lol Liberals change the facts to fit their deluded narrative , intelligent people change the narrative to fit the facts . Did you see the video . Більше читайте тут : ? ????? ?????????? ????????? ?????????? ??? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??????????? ????????? ??????? - ???? - ??? .ua ? ????? ?????????? ????????? ?????????? ??? ???? ?? ??? ????? ??????????? ????????? ??????? - ???? - ??? .ua Google translate works ( kinda ) Anyone in Ireland who has got some flags please say where you got them , because I want some too . I 'm a firm believer in the PLE concept , I just have to take care of my present financial situation first . 800 Demonstranten gegen NPD-Kundgebung / Aus dem Land / Schleswig-Holstein - KN - Kieler Nachrichten Kiel had an Kurd PKK demostration today . I tried to google but always got links of Children of Bodom metal band . Your either Bulgarian or Greek not Macedonian it does not exist . If anyone else has any online activism they 've been doing with this story let us know about it here . God Bless On Thursday , a Long Beach jury once again found that Jackson , now 52 , should be put to death . In my mind it 's not even close to being obselete , I believe it is a symbol of the white race and it 's fight to save itself in this sick and twisted multicult world we live in . At all . He was one of the greatest men to ever draw breath on this planet . There are lot 's of asiatic people besides turks . This is the `` 4th attack on a teacher in the last 2 weeks . '' It 's parents working all the time and letting their kids watch hours of Mtv after they get home from school , makes the girls think that dressing and acting like the `` Ho 's '' in rap videos is cool and is all they are good for is to be `` pimped '' out ! I found this place because I was looking up Kountze ( same county ) . I'm in a Canadian city of about 30,000 . As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist . just heard on the radio , that the local council have decided to give in and they have all been housed in emergency accomodation with the promise of a house on the a new social housing development in that area . I was n't able to attend the last event but really would like to met some normal people in San Diego . Look for my thread ( Oh no ! I 'm 20 and in Vancouver . she is a snake in the grass do not accept the poisonous advice this snake has to offer . Welcome to Fritz Klingingberg , loyaldefender , c13 and anyone else who may have started posting recently . Is there a place where you can buy these ? Meanwhile back in their ancestral homelands their races are and will always remain the overwhelming majority . A very eurocentric , pro-western/european civ documentary https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t994651 / DOWN WITH EUROPHOBIA Just for the record is this the same Journalist that wrote the article a few weeks ago telling us to mongrelise ? It figures that the leftist mob that the media supports created all the violence . Three more posters ready - these are definitely anti-race-mixing ! 30 years later we got married . If you follow the cycle of water , what we drink has already been down the toilet a few times , so it 's nothing new . http://wsd.dli.mt.gov/local/kalispell/ Restaurant Skadarlija `` Tri sesira '' Restaurant - Summer Skadarlija .. If everything was in one section no one would be able to follow anything it 's already hectic as it is . All I ask is to PLEASE be careful when responding to threads like this . Can you imagine the hell this young girl went through and for how long . What gets me is in absolutely no way would I behave in such a fashion in a foreign country , that is totally disrespectful . I 'll leave a blank line where the phone number goes ; that will allow for locals to write or stamp it in . The Mighty Sisto-You live in Laguna Beach ? New upcoming documentary/movie about arrival of Slavic tribe of Croats on present day Croatia , and get 's us through period of medieval Croatia . Let 's use this one for videos and posting everywhere . Has anyone been able to locate a clip or photgraph of the father ? The Ridge motel in Mandan/Bismarck costs $ 300 a week . Very true . Damian Brown , 26 , was taken into custody by East Baton Rouge Parish sheriff 's deputies and charged with identity theft after officials at Scotlandville Elementary say he put three different social security numbers on his applications . I think Whites should home school their children if at all possible . I've seen some other nationalities ones in the world as well . Okay, that 's good ... maybe they 'll come bursting onto the scene like the parties in Denmark and Norway ! I met her in person a month or two ago , she has n't been back on stormfront , I have n't even seen her on AIM lately , I 'd say email is your best hope of contacting her . We will just have to wait and see . Although I had heard of this link before , tonight was the first time I checked it out : New Nation News - Black-on-White Crime It 's pretty much a site that mirrors this thread . http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8130746.stm I guess it 's time for a new update ! It has everything to do with RACE . I go through this thread once a week to check the links . I would like to hear this . 2508 Sound like they are speaking another language in the back ground . Absolutely, whenever i see a dirty white coon with dreadlocks i get the urge to grab him by his flea blanket head and head butt him senseless If you happen to download this , feel free to add me to your Friends list and connect to me . Im always mystified by the way that those most set on getting rid of partition are always those who want to have nothing at all to do with the PUL community in the north . And Oh My God . I 'm 19 , 150lbs. green eyes , light brown hair , good features. good looking to myself , and maybe to you , k.i.t emerald714@hotmail.com Brother You remind Me of a Young Meatloaf ! The Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin has called for an amnesty for immigrants who have been in Ireland for five years or more without their status being resolved . The reality is that the White race is a minority race . Relatively new band from Finland and all lyrics in suomi . They have improved the site . Just out there looking for my future wife Actually I am just hoping to find some white ladies from canada. give me a shout via e-mail strmfrnt@telusplanet.net or icq @ 27961835 4 years I think , give or take a month or so . All of his posts thus far have been rather gratuitous and heavily aimed on Skandinavia alenth with the histories and spirits thereof , particularly the later portion of post #31 . http://www.wral.com/news/local/story/1850536/ And so friendly too . I'm often asked what my main squeeze looks like , here she is , Sweet Polly Purebred , in a scene where I save her from the evil jew scientist Simon Bar Sinister I 'm more into wolves than lions . II . New to the area . Long day , but very beautiful of course . But who knows ? I 'm pretty sure that tens of billions are sent abroad every year even though 50 + % stays in Sweden . were in chicago u live ? We spent our time trying to get our Negroes to learn how to read . I cant believe you 've lasted this long on this forum These areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wont find a single white working class person living there.We might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us Such is the sign of our time ... Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization . I plan to add a few more books today as well I mean they intentionally chose this house knowing there were white people living there . BLACK Man MURDERS 15 Year Old WHITE GIRL In Her BEDROOM - YouTube ZAKESHIA CAUGHT IT ON TAPE - YouTube Young white girl killed by black man she met online - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = fQPaZvlq4xQ & feature = endscreen & NR = 1 Ashley Taylor talks of being attacked on live TV - YouTube That is just one of the theories . I so hope that coon got life in jail or the death penaltyYou did and are doing the best you can nobody can ask for more . Live in peoria , az Yeah, Swamp soccer is the real sport ... beer , naked men , men in flower dresses Actually , I was planning to attend with a girl team one year ... unfortunately it didn ´ t happen YouTube - Swamp Soccer - Finland 26155 Yes , our languages really are beautiful , at least I think so . We do need to stop judging each other and get o line for an hour and go do something `` positive '' in our area.Lets talk solution not petty diferences . i was shocked that the New Age Tattoos parlor did my celtic cross but he did charge a lot of money for a simple black and white tat $ 130 for it The jew media likes to prop this whites becoming the minority non sense up because they want to try and scare whitey , the media plays on the fears that the average retard thinks hispanic or latino is a race and they play word play with titles like white hispanic and white non hispanic it is all a magic show nothing more .. But Whites becoming a minority in Europe the homeland is a much more serious issue that concerns me greatly . Mistenkt for krigsforbrytelser , søker asyl i Norge En tsjetsjener ( 32 ) - ettersøkt for terrorhandlinger - og en libaneser ( 41 ) - mistenkt for å ha begått krigsforbrytelser - bor på asylmottak i Norge med sine familier . Just let Shaniqua leave her kids home to burn the house down while she goes to da club . I hope their is some sort off protest about this I lived in texas when i was younger , i know how tough some things can get . `` rasslin animals '' is half the fun Hail The Imperium ! Should be locked up for this , wonder how long he 'll end up serving , maybe a week if we are lucky in this country . On Stormfront usually we try to respect feelings of those who find scantily dressed ( bikini etc ) images or suggestive poses tacky . http://www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/ ... FSiCQgo * * * * AGw http://www.jobs-to-careers.com/index...FcKDQgodVk4ANQhttp://www.indeed.com/q-Temp-l-Conroe,-TX-jobs.html Crippin nigga . Seemed to work well on the Indians and Australian aborigines . I'm not running and giving it to the muds . Thank You for Posting This !!! Two of the suspects , Mr. Harrison and Mr. Currie , were repeat probation violators . Hi Lads and Lasses , im new here , The country is in a mess and I have been watching these posts for weeks . Here is the link . I wonder if the attacker was a Swedish national ? I found out this morning that junior school kids are n't allowed to sing Bar Bar Black sheep anymore because it 's racist and might offend the coloured kids so they are being told to sing Bar Bar randow sheep ! whats next we 'll not be allowed to sing god save the queen . The illustration of Old West ghost towns is something that every American can relate to . Polite people some times get service from small town businesses . Only problem is in the multiracial environment it means you have to dance with non-Whites . I was just trying to see how many of you saw other races as a bigger thread than your own , and apparently , a few think this way . Its only 1 extra kid than we normally have and if we all do it and tell are white neighbors to do it I know it would make a difference . Watch the Pass it On Honesty commercial where a kid returns a purse | Values.com White kid `` suspiciously '' returns black lady 's purse , white cops reward him with donuts Well, my whole jist of this time was to say that Norwegians are those whose kingdom is the most northerly and therefore the most nordic , as they have been referred to time after time again . But the duty will be to use those those arms when necessary in defense of the community . The peanut butter was not as important as the time machine used to go back and teach the ancient Incans how to make it . I suggest you go away and get an education , New Grange , built in 3200bc is the oldest building in Europe . If we dont band together as is lost. let every white play his role in the big picture !!!! Absolute madness . is anyone else fed up with people using the so called race card against you ? if so , tell us about it They gave the guy who posted that video some trouble , did n't they ?! We occasionally get people like jimmy coming here to SF to `` study '' us . No it is not accepted and it is pushed in our face by the joo run media time and time again but most people who dissaprove of mixed raced relationships just ignore the people involved . Check out the whole series .. Aragorn I have no idea . Save Ireland has a job he works for MSI are you saying their is a more important job than trying to stop the Immigration invasion into Ireland ? I'm looking forward to seeing the western media 's apartheid twist on this story whilst they ignore the racist pension and land reform and genocide . I already gave up on Gone With The Wind for the same reason ..... how could you have a debate with a nigerian woman ! pity i was listening in , should have been a good laugh listening to that person trying to hold a civilised conversation Sure sun media sucks off Israel but they are also the only Media that is willing to tell the truth about the dangers of Islam and call Natives on their B.S. Beautiful place . Though Micronesians eat it by the gross . Aragorn Leg, I 'd stay away from most places around Toronto . Anyway , it 's worth watching . Onward ! The ugly black will always be .... black ! - Karl Are you talking about acting civilized or actual racial mixing ? What would people say ? I'm down in so cal. in the riverside area in a small town called chino hills. im looking for some skins to hang out with male or female we just need to unite. haha Hello, Do you want to know how i think nationalism ? These are the latest statistics , Ethnic groups : Irish 87.4 % , other white 7.5 % , Asian 1.3 % , black 1.1 % , mixed 1.1 % , unspecified 1.6 % ( 2006 census ) , so even if that seven percent was all poles , if you add up all the mud races , it would be equivalent . i SEE UTV DID NOT POST MY COMMENTS TYPICAL SPREAD THE WORD THROUGHOUT IRELAND RUN THESE INVADERS OUT GO HOME AFGANIES WOULD YOU SEE US DOING THIS IN YOUR COUNTRY ??????????????????????????????????????????? ?? But get the eyes wide open and lets rock attitude ... most will back off and go away ..... been there with ya ! It seems to me that nature is taking out the trash . this video pretty much proves the local demographics . Russians . Id like to say something but I once heard `` if you have nothing good to say dont say anything at all '' . To learn more , click here : www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com/experiences/cayce01.html www.astralvoyage.com/projection/index.html It would be pretty cool for teachers to tell White kids they go out-of-body every night . Finns mixed with swedes and got blond hair and blue eyes , but ethnical finn look like tatar : dark hair , dark eyes , short height , round face . Those islamic disease tend to mimic Whites or copy White concepts in various forms and many of them are light skin and even looked like Whites . Those nogs in France do n't belong there and then they show how unruly they can be . Especially in this liberal area . You should not be surprised , i have 2 swedish/finnish friends ... asian looks in women is a must ... so i am not surprised . I knew a girl in school who went out with one . Enough is enough . BTW.Are you allread in the Texas site.I can send you an invite if you 're not.We 've got over a 100 members so far . -12oz It is no mere coincidence that the Liberal Party color is Blue . When will people * * * * * * * wake up ? Your courage and honestly are apprecated . So do I. The small dogs like those maltese and things we call stoep kakkers , because all they are good for is leaving turds on your stoop . BTW TY for the compliment . This is a video with pictures of old postcards of Gliwice ( Gleiwitz ) Upper Silesia , at the beginning of the video , and present day pictures of Gliwice ( Gleiwitz ) at the end of the video . The Stenbeck family also controls the Metro newspaper ( the one that you can find in many subways in big cities around the world ) . I swear , you ca n't take us anywhere ..... Our Polish-American reader stands with Donetsk ! She is white . It 's even on videos that have nothing to do with White Nationalism . Dmitriy Hvorostovskiy Prince Yeletsky 's ( `` The Queen of Spades '' , Tchaikovsky ) -Dmitri Hvorostovsky at the Metropolitan Opera ( 1998 ) YouTube - Ya vas lyublyu - Dmitri Hvorostovsky Renee Fleming and Dmitri Hvorostovsky perform the final scene of Tchaikovsky 's `` Yevgeny Onegin . '' ( Part I ) YouTube - Yevgeny Onegin - Final Scene - Hvorostovsky/Fleming - I Renee Fleming and Dmitri Hvorostovsky perform the final scene of Tchaikovsky 's `` Yevgeny Onegin . '' ( Part II ) YouTube - Yevgeny Onegin - Final Scene - Hvorostovsky/Fleming II Renee Fleming ( as Tatiana ) , Dmitri Hvorostovsky - Eugene Onegin 's first act aria from Tchaikovsky 's opera . I have always liked the double headed eagle . Valgt i Fredericia-kredsen i Vejle Amt , som Folketingets yngste medlem nogensinde . They pretty much say if you get mugged it 's your fault . The town consisted of , probably 25 % white , and the rest mexican . The famine was a planned event , to pacify a troublesome country . Do you think the writer of Planet of the apes was trying to tell us something ? btw its a serious question . At least they 're trying to legally change the system . Worth . My son will be scheduled to have his first assesment around September sometime . EPISODE 71 : Halloween Costumes You Already Own | Watch the video - Yahoo ! 2508 Ages from 18-21. please write me back.xoxoxoxoxoxox As I commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war . Thankfully, the C.W. Camp-Out will go ahead this year . It looks like our friend Krekar will be winning lots of votes for anti-immigrant parties in Norway 's upcoming election . How can others be so blind to this ? Oh wait , that never happened ... Kurds in Berlin : Germany : Watch thousands of Kurdish protesters rally in Berlin - YouTube and Hamburg : Germany : See Hamburg SWAMPED in anti-IS global action day - YouTube Munich : Zwei Zwillings-Paare kommen munter und gesund zur Welt - MÃ 1\/4 nchen - Bild.de Lack of compassion seems to go hand and hand with lack the of White blood . Of course if people would stop going to these places then they would never be able to earn enough money to start up foreign cesspits in Irish towns . Are you sure those guys were not with the department of public health and pest control and were not just trying to fumigate you ? Apes even have the instinct to basically leave these for dead . The only way to stop it and its followers from spreading is to join a White unity organization and not support democracy by not voting . Yes my sister I fear this too for my babies sake I am scares to death I am looking for a support group as well for my family and i I 'm surprised to see it still active . Yes, it is a symbol in the past and has no place in the present because when it is used for the advancement of white nationalism it proves to only hold us back so thus it shouldn t be used and should go down in history where it belongs . YouTube - BLACK WOMAN GOES BALLISTIC ON REPORTER YouTube - he wuz a good boy , Black kid kills two white men YouTube - Black Man Charged with Rape of 65 year old Coma Patient YouTube - BLACK Robber Forces Guy to Drink Liquid Soap Video I clean my own toilet as for public toilets and such there is no dirty work there it is an Economical contribution 2508 I have both excellent credit and money , but would never live in the Southwest . -Heinrich Himmler , Bundesarchiv Berlin-Zehlendorf , 28 June 1937 Emmigration - around 50000-100000 per year . I 'm planning to have a little gathering to remember the good old days . I want to have 3 children ! 2 girls and 1 boy but the hardest part now is i got to try and find someone to make them with , but so far no luck Perhaps four or five percent of all humans are driving the progress of our civilization , the rest are supporting that civilization so that the bright ones can do their work . If that is not genocide , what is ? Please show me one real picture of present day bulgarian who looks like this painting and I 'll give you 1 000 000 Euro cash hi i have short hair im 5 ' 5 racist as hell im not fat im from mass theres a small group of us out here it 's so hard to new meet people with your believes im just looking to date some one who gets were im coming from are make new friends so if your out there give me a email back 88 heily : explode These here parents need to go home and get one . Look at these pictures . Large enough to have a secure border and 100 mile free fire zone around it . Anyone who has not visited the PLE-UK web site for some time is invited to return , as there 's a new introduction there on how `` The history of Britain is the history of those who held living space . '' HD download : https : //mega.co.nz/# ! zBtHCY7A ! Y6gjhR ... FmjjSD6WEq _ r94 ( 1.01 GB ) I read there will be 5 episodes of this . they need to feel it on their skin , so next time they wont give my land to the some subhuman muslim dogs . I had the luck ( ... ) to meet some africans in the past and I promise you that black are the worse cancer of the world , they 're ready to sell their own sister so you can imagine what will they do with our Countries .. So you would refuse even other Nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ? I believe Bound for Glory is an Oi band similar to Rahowa or Skrewdriver . 88..im from houston and hoping to get a few others to go from austin also ... if there is anyone needing a ride from houston they can message me on yahoo .. under cherrybyrd88 ... If they have some marches and what not about showing pride in their culture you guys should go out and do the same If you could try and contact people you know in different cities and see if their willing to do the same . I think he had a near death experience and saw where he is going and now he 's clinging to life with desperate tenacity Read the earlier posts and see that there are still lots of non-whites coming to Denmark . Here are some sites that I find to have reasonably reliable information on current events , and other topics . About half of Internet users are youth so it 's worth a try . Definitely my dad said in his city growing up only nonwhites were a Chinese family running a Chinese restaurant everyone else was white . If you are looking for such kind of music , then be sure to check out the following bands : ( PS : I 'm not very good at describing music-styles , but * * * * , I 'll give it a try ! ) He walks upright , and has human arms and legs . Nothing is changing for the better . Hi, So glad to hear from someone so close . I can think of some yummier spots than the back of my head where I 'd like to be held. but that 's just me . Over the years , he succeeded in Verl , where he has lived since his marriage under the name Marco B. , maintain a bourgeois facade . No doubt they 'll be coming up with chocolate-colored Leprechauns and a Chinese flavored Uncle Sam 's too . new to the hole scene 20/m from connecticut make sure you find the real people and not the hole fake wp people yeah but you live in a big country , N. Ireland is quite small yet large numbers of the scum are invading these shores every day Probably, especially if they are legitimate refugees from a war conflict , as opposed to the fake black and brown refugees that are flooding the country now . I never came to this sight trying to create a disturbance . this thread seems pretty dead lately. i think it would be cool to hear about anyone who has made any good friends from one of the cookouts . I think Cork fans still use it anyway . So long as http://ghettobraggingrights.wordpress.com/ exists I will not only think of blacks as sub-human savage beasts with no more self-control than a rabid dog , but refer to them as such . You mean there 's two of us left in the world ? Couple Befriend Negroid , Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire Reported by : Irika Sargent Last Update : 4/25 9 : 01 pm Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire | Local15tv.com , Mobile & Pensacola News , Entertainment , Videos , Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spearchuckers . The Pastor is saying the truth ! And if we had just a few hundred more people on this data base thread , we would have those open PLEs by now . 16 The only references that I 've found that appear to contain the information you seek seem to require some form of payment . These `` black people '' have the nerve to call themselves human. . . KKK - ku klux klan 33/6 - Thirty-three is 3 times 11 . Hello from gainesville , I lived in Orlando for about 4 months good money bartending at the BBQ bar , but too many Rican sharps ... ugh 88/14 JJ David, This will answer your questions about our activism and ability to acquire resources much better than I can . Tens Of Millions For Africa Drought Victims A # 52.25m emergency aid package has been put together to help millions of drought victims in the Horn of Africa , the Government has announced . Every now and then I 'll run across a flyer that I like so much that I print it out on photo paper and frame it . Dreaming of a Future World ( Full Version ) - YouTube Dr William Pierce . A nationalist white network is a really good starting point ... then we could eat in white restaurants , sell or rent our houses to white people , buy our groceries in white shops and so on And there you have it . He can go pollute some other pool with his disgusting paedophilia . 2508 As long as they have a place to get warm and you have a heater for the water so it doesnt freeze they do fine . I would love two minutes alone in a room with whatever s * it for brains faggots came up with that advertisement . Thats what I tried to tell those nuts over on the health a fitness thread and was attacked for it in post ???? Can i suggest some of the locals get up of their behinds and lets these traitors know that this anti-white festival is not welcome in their town 828 Feel free to join !! The new government is exactly as anti-White as they want. : upside http://www.radioireland.ie/lastword/19112004-17.wmv Hope fully `` Next year in Jerusalem '' as they say . The Gulf War was being waged and great times of transformation were taking place in the Soviet Union . Thanks both of you for that . I think Fyrdung is a band which was started by members of the bands Svitjod , Pluton Svea and Division S , but I 'm not sure The only Mexican in town has since moved out and kids can now leave their bicycles in the yard without fear . if any one has any info on the austin texas band Straight Laced any info please contact me at skinranger@yahoo.com white power 88 Disgusted that Birmingham has gone from the `` workshop of the world '' ( a city of a thousand trades ) to producing scumbags like this . I just came across this piece of garbage . I'm actually a big fan of Subway but I always laugh when I read this . It's as if these people were like this all along , and it was only white civilization and moral nature that kept them in check . I would like to say a very warm welcome to all our new members ... just working my way through each of your intro posts I have made it clear on this forum many times that I have nothing against gays as such . I had to show this , Macedonian handball fans in Zadar , Croatia . Day Of Honour was good this year we come back next year greetz from Flanders ( belgium ) Heil Hongary Heil Flanders Heil Blood an honour world wide Greetings Watch - http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = PAvAV ... eature = related His commenters drone on , about how `` all races must all stick together '' . The majority of the people in these photos are more of the threat to America than to the Ukraine in my opinion . Same situation in Australia and Canada . This savage has n't moved on from 300 years ago where her ancestors used to cook their enemies in cauldrons , ghastly people . Thanks in advance . I remember this story from last Christmas . It made it on CNN , so I 'm thinking it was probably an illegal YouTube - Lou Dobbs Reports A Gang Ripe ? Well-known area Jewelry Store Owner , John ' The Jeweler ' Lauseng shot & killed during robbery White Owner Of Jewelry Store Murdered , No Prizes For Guessing Who By - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum R.I.P. lions dont lie down with zebras but we 're told its perfectly normal to just accept someone from another culture , way of life and even time zone who has no historical connection whatsoever to our homeland If Bulgarians are n't slavic , then it 's perhaps time for the rest of them to seek a new name for themselves , cos it 's us that used that ethnonym first , dig ? They are stunning !! * KISS * 2056 The sad fact is that this is how he and his Arab brethren would see her kind too . Although many have asked us to put it aside in politics , this thread is for all those who see where HATE FITS IN and why WE NEED THE HATE WAVE TO CONTINUE . Get the hell out of there as soon as possible . It makes me tired . from reading this i realized there was no date or there is a meeting or something going on outside the ucc in cork at 10 : 30 am on the 10th of march. was walkiing around cork with a few friends and they tried handing out leaflets ¬ _ ¬ friends and i were not to happy Fyromia - Encyclopedia Dramatica Greece - Encyclopedia Dramatica Bulgaria - Encyclopedia Dramatica - YouTube The map of the captured territories . I'm in SWVa . National Geographic magazines in the 1950s and early 1960s are replete with color photos of African villagers . Guess you must have forgotten engles from lack of use Try it is espagnol ! I think that white women who cannot find a suitable white partner for whatever reason should not delay childbearing but should go to a sperm bank and start having white kids . Don't take me wrong but a pig is a pig in any country and such is the actress who played the part on this show . There IQ is pretty worthless if they have n't discovered a cure for cancer , MS , Parkinson or HIV , ETC .... bah .... all I see is numbers . https://www.stormfront.org/forum/show...t+20867&page=9 Just go to my post further down the page , Drug dealing , Murdering , Racemixing , Zionist/Masonic scumbags The last picture of the black orangemen , f * ckin hell i nearly split my sides laughing Good for the lions . Peter, these people have just been brainpolluted . I wonder why he is not on their list , he hates jews . Learning how to find good TV shows online and watch what I want when I want has tripled my quality of life . It's not just Third Reich era , it 'd been the names of the towns in many cases from the time they were founded , and anyway before 1933 . The reason they want to ban the cross is because it repersents our race and the Christian faith . Over two thousand dollars damage and several hours to clean up . In certain circumstances I would agree with you but in Europe by preserving our nations we are preserving our race as well because there is no way a black in Europe can be British , Irish , German or whatever . I can vouch for Blades and bows I have done business with them many times and customer service brilliant if you got a problem they will sort it . A good to start with one is Prodigal Genius written by John J. O' Neill . All lovely white ladies are welcome to chat with me . Thanks . oh dear isnt that terrible well i suppose they will just have to leave then and go somewhere they are more valued He has two previous felony convictions for violent crimes . I hate the dramas and bull * * * * like this . Also , Betty Page 's hair cut may have helped in any oddness . Tell us more about yourself . I will so so once I get to my camp . Hacked website ? Ok Ignore the one pic. that is n't so good .... ( If you click the video , the video comments are full of self-hating whites ) : YouTube - BAKA RAINFOREST PEOPLE YODELLERS I figured it would only get worst . One guy 's face is clearly shown at the end , and the coon in the suit is a well-know football player according to this article . Thats exactly what he means and what they are doing , it has happened to every white nation and we are no different . i need to know if any whites lives in the La Mirada area i just moved there and i dont know anyone . I like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream . I laugh out loud every time I see it ! It is a noble idea but I would rather stay here in mostly white Missouri then move to 35 % black South Carolina . God please bless with wisdom the judge and jury against this group of thugs that they all might be hanged . Ask around you will find the info . It does i was unemployed for nearly 2 years in the 1980s it does drag you down . I find that they dont share my views as some other buddies of mine would when it comes to White History and power . I found the whole UFC 1 event on youtube a while ago , was great back then no gloves and only a few rules . Insanity is running amok in this once great country . I would like to keep this thread going for Manolis Turbo who has moved back to his homeland and is at the moment too busy to look after it . CA .. going to the show over in the third district on saturday im trying to go but probly will need a ride home thanks Is there one white woman here who would like to be my Queen Please check out this web site and see my pic and read all about me and if your interested drop me a line http://www.match.com/usearch/results...ngID=0&Theme=4Orjustgotomatch.com and look up user name of brokenheart4140 hope to hear from you soon Politifuldm . Look at those pictures . There were 2 good things about Yugoslavia . I wonder if this guy still thinks the Jews are a good thing after the Jews just tried to start a war between NATO and Russia ? Is Africa the epitome of progress or what ? Talk about something nice . It is in the nature of Jews to desecrate traditions of all sorts and push our women to make fools of themselves . I had no luck driving . Hey there I 'm just up the mountain from u . It IS our business when you are making territorial claims on Bulgarian land and claiming a part of Bulgarian history as yours . Every action he 's taken reveals that he is completely unacceptable. as a citizen , in White societies All the blacks and browns can do is wreck and destroy - and that is all they have done , and do . I want to know what there is to `` investigate '' since no crime was committed . Supporting our men and women in the armed forces . I've been through Utah once . Jodr sounds much like Jord ( meaning Earth/land ) . the article says they went into mainstream schooling so i think that must have played a role in it.the drugs were proscribed to them for health problems Land prices are slowly rising up here because of tourism , but only get crazy when you get closer to traverse city . Looking for seriour-or-less-than-less friends of like-minded people . Hail!Im just looking for like minded white brothers and sisters from arond my area to meet or anyone else for that matter.Hope to hear from you . today i had an assembly on diversity and how we should embrace other cultures and learn about them . How about this one -- the commercials for the home burglary alarm they keep running on television---the criminals breaking in are --- surprise--always white . Of course they do . [IMAGE: Melvin Weiss . I bet that a lot of members of the said club are disgusted by this but afraid to speak about it for fear of recrimination . And now Sweden 's down against the nig nogs ... well at least it was very close , and they only lost in overtime ... Lots Of Beer And Food !!! I 'd think there are more appropriate sites for international dating and such . That was wierd . It 'll be a welcome change to see a fellow WN from seeing hundreds of lefty bastards going to see RATM . We knew that report was a lie the entire time . There's something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of an European romance language coming from the mouths of savages ! . . This was just on the news : Apparently the negro left a cigarette butt behind at the other house he attempted to break in to complete with his DNA . Daniel Ramsey Shot and killed in his own house in front of his wife on Valentine 's Day by two negro burglars . You should see what my grandma 's hair looked like 50 years ago ... Or make something in the internet against thi injustice some times is hit a global repercussion and can help this . As soon as i get a little smarter , i 'll figure out how to attach pics if this one did n't work . I'm new to this so here it goes Looking for WP Girl in Ft.Worth Texas 18-35 That likes the Outdoors and partying E-Mail Address in profile http://www.whitewire.net/index.php ? p = 82#more-82 Who says that Dr. Pierce did n't accurately predict the future in the Turner Diaries ? Wow Is there some hope for the Negro race ? Here is the guy 's blog from the radio station he works at . The black churches show all black faces on their billboards . Irish nackers do that themselves . Graphic YouTube - Video Jamaica Stay Wallin Rasta Man Chops Taxi Man With A Machette In Broad Daylight ! Then , we can look forward to cases of Multi-Drug Resistant ( MDR ) and Extensively Drug Resistant ( XDR ) TB to become common diseases . Because they are not the nationalists of the 30s and 40s many of them were Doctors Scientists Anthropologists-Not Chavs . I'm so ugly when I first get up in the morning that I have a face that only a mother could love . Can hardly hear our tv . Migrants living in fear after racist bomb attack on Poles - Northern Ireland , Local & National - Belfasttelegraph.co.uk They 're threatening to leave , we 're doomed !!! Ask away Redneck . Nothing quite like watching stupid white people in action . http://www.eurorus.org/ I 'm single and live in elizabeth , NJ It's a pity that for many people here things are that simple when it 's about Poland . Those who are not in agreement with anything that they see here are invited to say so - and provide us with the alternative . Yes, Philidelphia has been over run with black savages , left and right . Please excuse my ignorance . I 'm not saying `` do n't go out of your house and do n't talk to anyone '' but it 's really important to stay grounded with a group who are n't part of the mass. It 's much easier to remain independent and avoid being caught under the stampede if you have a reminder that you are n't the only person who 's not part of the mass. Uuuugh ! Come to Bromsgrove and I 'll be more than happy to give you a tour of the West Midlands and the History of Heavy Metal We have the Malvern Hills one of Englands most beautiful places I liked the majority of this video in the beginning but what was with the white guilt tripping part around an hour in of the video ? Well, Georgians are maybe 80 % of their country , with two biggest minorities being Azeris and Armenians , so indeed very easy that Caucasus baboon types from Georgia are not Georgians . The Lakota thought the earth was flat ; they never had a concept of other planets until they went to our schools . I've never been to London but from what I 've heard it 's like spot the white man and every girl down there almost has a little niglet half breed . But normally I long for cold weather . Boots Christmas advert on telly this evening . I would if I liked my neighbors .. There are some people on this board that I would hate to live next to And then you need to avoid High Fructose Corn Syrup - bad for you and made from GM corn . Hi, thought i 'd drop by and introduce myself , i just wish i 'd found this place earlier = / look forward to chatting to you all , niks . The reason they are killing themselves is because our weak liberal goverment are too afraid to make them do any sort of training .. It went through the history of all Dracula movies and the real life Dracula ! Law & Disorder : ' Missing ' toddler found in gym bag Jacksonville police looking for a missing toddler found the child alive but stuffed in a gym bag locked in the back of a car . You also need to avoid anything Soya . hey after five years of searching I finally fell in love again . -Yankee Jim I'm 26 and living in Wisconsin ..... just looking for someone to chat with about similar beliefs and life in general ....... location is unimportant Excellent book I have read it several times and after reading this thread I think I will read it once again its well written and a good introduction into what is happening to our people.God Bless David Duke ! 3702 TV , though . I have read a 70 -/ + million figure , 92.5 million figure and an estimate of over 100 million figure So I compromised at 90 . That is just about as disgusting an advertisement as I have ever seen before and in fact the most disgusting thing I have seen ever . Euro-Rus Евро-Русь For a great Europe , from Gibraltar to Vladivostok ! Sad thing is I could n't even find the real classics I was looking for on youtube which air far more with even worse messages . Playing with their scooters , bikes and other NOISY toys right outside our windows . A certain Person would want to shut his mouth that Person going on about stuff from 1930 had no right to post that information.Leo would not be impressedwww.muslimsout.org More black-on-white savagery : YouTube - Racist Black gangs are targeting White men for hate crimes in Baltimore YouTube - White Boy Beat Up Because of Slavery YouTube - 32 gangbangers arrested in hate crime roundup for targeting Whites and Latinos YouTube - Violent , racist African immigrants The white churches ' billboards look like lunch break at the UN . I certainly agree we need to up our game , and do so quickly . Lets heal our nation and expose the enemy wherever he may be . If he comes we should support him . If I go to the east ill definitely go to budapest , feel free to pm me if you want to meet up . Perhaps it may be the gayest big city , but take a look to Sitges , in Spain . And anyone who reads it is asked to bump it into view ( by simply commenting ) for the many others who need know . She said she was 21 years old . It is true that Ireland has the lowest WN population in the world , or at least in Europe ? But let me tell you , everywhere I go , it seems like at least half the people I see are n't White . There was a small Nigerian man that lived in the same town as me for about a year . 14/88 Please , put pictures of average people here , not of models . - Pigs Resort To Cannibalism On Modise ? s Farm - News in pictures - Howzit MSN News ok, so do we need to kill them too or are the slavs okay ? for some reason whenever i hear the word slav , the word slobber comes to mind and i picture a slobbering half breed creature like the humpback of notre dame or Igor haha PM me if you want to chat . If you are not registered I think that maybe you will not be able to see this . http://www.tacitus.nu/historisk-atla ... nter/ryssland/ Tons of culture and just great friendly people . You think outside the sheep box in this movement then the usual suspects will hound you down untill you get back in line sad but true Hope To See You There ! 14 Words !!!! 88 !!!!! 11 It's no surprise Irish girls would do that . BR , Tapio 2508 As far as Baldwin goes , what an anomaly that place is . sent ya a pm . http://www.news4jax.com/news/26834699/detail.html# Many tribes had their own `` local '' gods ( and spirits , demons , creatures , etc. ) , yes , but they were usually `` lesser '' gods and the main Slavic pantheon was more or less the same everywhere . 2 . Even the forum of Local Government Ombudsman Watch are frightened to talk about the video . But on a humourous note it could also mean `` burnt earth '' ( svidd jord ) . No one is here to try to convert anyone . These have had a glimps http://video.google.co.uk/videoplay ? docid = 3664960863576873594 & hl = en-GB 4 Would this have been the same scenario in Greece if Greece was bordering Russia ? . Well done brother Just dont try teaching him how to shave as it looks like you need some lessons yourself he he http://www.cbc.ca/storyview/AOL/worl...ts-050802.html My dads good friend left for Sudan about a week ago for a Bonb Disposal company on a three month assigment . I have been trying to find a job but the mexicans take everything we had . dont you get cold when you step out from the water ??? i always figured i 'd freeze my butt off if i did !!! Hi brothers and sisters , i live in wiltshire so if there is anyone else here from wiltshire let me know . No I havent , none of them are in my area the nearest in over an hour away and the picture if them was posted almost three years ago . Our enemy has the sheep already , and they 're doing more to destroy us than many of these `` lions '' of ours are saving . I 'm looking for pen pals & would like to hear from u . Thats where Baz Rutten and Ken Shamrock started before UFC 1 . No more about this in this thread please . A Storm is Brewing on the Horizon -- Will Obama Declare Martial Law Before 2016 ? They probably have a 150 I.Q. with all three of them combined . Kokkepige Stuepige Barnepige Tjenestepige Tienestefolk Huus jomfure ( House-something ? ) http://www.11alive.com/news/local/st...116782&catid=3 What 's funny about this is they flipped their car later that afternoon right by my house , then had every cop within 50 miles there lololol . No I do n't support Nordic Superiority , but I have no problem with Nordic people who want a pure Nordic race to exist . We just need a bunch of us to move into one small White town . It sould be made into a youtube video this story and put up all over the net.Imagine if the cop was white and the dead guy black . Thank you if have any questions feel free to message us on Stormfront or by contacting the United Front , Canadian Division : UnitedFrontCanada@gmail.com There will be a show in socal in early June . The name of the village was changed to Dramastein , during the Third Reich , today it is called Kamieniec in Poland . God bless them all , to hell with the blacks . That mud is certainly not Swedish Try something like this : They are the misses of Norway , both White and beautiful Brian Are there also serbs who have black hair as well ? drinking does ease the sorrow of a lonely life .. it 's so tempting to just go out and get drunk , and laid like i did in my youth .. but i have n't got the energy for it anymore .. more likely to lie in bed and cry until it 's time to go work .. still hoping life gets better than this : drink 2508 I saw the same textbook picture the other day but for the life of me cannot remember where I was at . ANTI WHITE WATCH Wrote a brief essay on the theology of the KKK cross burning ritual and how it benefits society as a whole . Should the guy who sang cop killer also have a trial , because he tragted a minority , cops . Hi all I just thought I should leave a note and wish all of our Southern Gentlemen and Ladies a happy `` Robert Edward Lee day '' . Have there been any arrests ? Thank You I have others posted through out this thread But here 's a few more From the Going to the Sun Road . Welcome Erica . It seems that what they are trying to say is that if you are white you are in the wrong place at the wrong time anywhere in the World . We ca n't afford to babysit unstable people . Two weeks before raping and killing Holly , he raped a college student . I wonder how much of this sort of behavior by Gates and his clique of social elites is because humans have an instinct to protect their position once they make `` top dog '' in a hierarchy . I have to pack everything . Robert I am moving there tomorrow afternoon would love to meet other WP people in the area . Nor have I , I live in BC at the moment ; and had lived in Alberta for most of my life . Considering this is stormfront I 'd say we are all in agreement that we highly prefer white children to anything else .... Maybe the ghost of King Leopold nicked all their shovels . I sent in my application a few days ago and was curious . Never leave your children unguarded ! http://www.1channel.ch/ Her life was taken in her own home by intruders in a robbery attempt , who never gave a second thought to this child 's love of life . It almost reads like something out of a science fiction novel . Female negro is `` sorry '' , owner pressing charges anyway. -- baltimoresun.com I do n't watch T.V. or Hollywood movies . This is a special thanks to all those who had the patience to wait it out while I constructed this article . What a waste of time and money . ANY poster on here that does not accept White Genocide is our NUMBER ONE priority is either delusional , still partly brain washed or likes to eat Bagels . * Le me searching le webs for info about le ongoing crisis in this thread . No comment ? Dr. Albert Schweitzer 's two-hour documentary from 1958 was shown in movie theaters everywhere . I guess you are far away , as I 've never even heard of that town listed as your location . Another regional administration was capture - Vinnytsya. ?????????? ?????????? ??????? Major chimp-out at hip hop awards . I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing MORE cows , and the repeating process is too much for them to understand . https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1493603624234498&id=14320 59370388924 Waterford Against Racism added 6 new photos . I actually have a college degree , but choose not to make a living with it because I cannot sit at a desk in front of a computer all day . I went to school there , and as soon as I was graduated , I left too . It's funny how our languages are similar . !!!!!!!!! nobody said I like him and I dont see the reason to like him to be honest WE HAVE ENOUGH CULTURAL HERITAGE FOR HUNDREDS OF GENERATIONS WE SHOULD BE PROUD OF WHAT WE DID NOT OF WHAT SOME AUSTRIAN DID !!! Yeah London has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies . I reported some time ago that negroes will even strip the bricks off your home while you are away at work . Minister asks YouTube to remove video directing anti-Semitic abuse at him Minister asks YouTube to remove video directing anti-Semitic abuse at him - The Irish Times - Fri , Mar 30 , 2012 Alan Shatter - Jewish Nation-Wrecker - YouTube An American cancer has infected them all He is the kind of anti-white , that will whine about ' anti-White racism ' , instead of just calling them ' anti-White ' . The new town has a population of approx 150 and ( gasp ) skinheads moved into town . Rüütel spoke of how hard the times had been at the time of the decloration of independance . This sounds like a sensible , well thought-out plan . P.S. So your are in U.KBert ? Mate, have you been to Britain ? All of the arrestants are my personal friends , that means a lot to us Does anyone know where i can get backgrounds and stuff , with a white nationalistic look for winxp ?? What is wrong with her husband ? https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/group.php ? groupid = 257 I 'll go eat hagis and sip whiskey with the Scots thank you ! AOH are legends . It has obviously been misunderstood and i would been keen to learn more . O sister if you want to talk to a brother I 'm here pm me if you want. dont give up sister you well find what your looking for 88 stand tall and be proud to be a ARYAN WOMAN and sister 88 Goldenboy GODS RACE and NATIONS Were you to ever witness the `` fighting unto death '' displayed by game fowl you 'd soon discover that theres nothing chicken about chickens . Can someone help me find an ol ' comrade of mine who 's now rotting in a California Prison for his next two lives for allegedly victimizing anti-racist scum ? Vision of a Future World Pt 2 of 2 - YouTube Looking for a white girl in Virginia ( of all places ) around 21-25 . Yes the actions of a few ruin the image for the rest . There is no difference . Creep Without knowing it yourself , you have judged me . that is absolutely * * * * ing unbelievable.they can just go route one now.no more messing about going through europe.in bongo land one minute jump on the plane and 5 hours later hop off the plane with the biggest negro smile and shout ASYLUM.i am totally depressed hearing this Yeah. OMG unfortunately they are very good at hot air. did n't see any massive demos to prosecute the kiddie fiddlers amongst the Christian Brothers . It will shed light on their true nature . Well at least I was when is was 15 that 's how long ago the picture was taken . Forgot to add that in my earlier comment . I have always thought Ireland to be the last all white country left . Since the eleventh letter of the alphabet is KBert , 3 Ks = Ku Klux Klan . This article should reinforce in our minds WHAT we are dealing with . No, I do n't Promote Nordic Superiority . I'm a cowboy , some what . If that Nigerian bitch thinks she will be elected in Tallaght , she is in for a rude awakening . I'm going to say UKIP as they seem like at least a small step in the right direction but at the same time i 'm not sure what to make of all the theory 's that they are a distraction party and will just do the same as all the others when they get in ? I am not a massive fan of skrewdriver but I like that song . Too bad 98 percent of public school kids are being taught everything BUT the truth . Verl : Rechts-Rocker lebt bürgerlich in Verl | Neue Westfälische , Nachrichten aus Ostwestfalen-Lippe , Bielefeld , Gütersloh , Herford , Paderborn , Höxter , Warburg , News , Meldungen , Informationen - Neue Westfälische - Verl For days over Yule , the Zionist controlled press and Antifa scum have been laying siege to Marco from Sleipnir 's family home . According to the 2005 Census Data from HERE : Non-Hispanic Whites = 66.8 % Hispanics = 14.5 % Blacks = 11.9 % Asians = 4.3 % American Indians = 0.7 % Pacific Islander = 0.1 % Other = 0.3 % Multiracial = 1.4 % Total = 100 % http://www.borderwatch.us/ REPORT TO CAMPO , CALIFORNIA FOR DUTY RIGHT AWAY . I 've seen negroes who look ( and undoubtedly act ) like him . All I see is slippage as we fall farther and farther behind . Please , Ireland , do n't replicate the demographics of London in th Emerald Isle . Emporion ballista in Museu d & #39 ; Arqueologia de Catalunya , Barcelona , Spain - YouTube Remains of the ballista found from archaeological excavations in Greek town of Ἐμπόριον ( Emporion ) near present day town of L' Escala in Catalonia , Spain . In pictures : Inside the palace Yanukovych did n't want Ukraine to see - Telegraph Switzerland pay 700 millions $ each year for refugees !!! It is always nice to meet another person with roots in Kansas . They have been taking advantage of our over-welcoming nature for far to long . Sixteen Jones , Die Antwoord 's daughter - YouTube It's people like this that are the face that represents the filth of Islam . I got the book in a box with others for $ 1.00 I never knew anything about free masons until I read this book . Some candle light , a good drink , a forbidden flag on the wall and Triumph des Willens on the telly . This figure is taken from quickresponse which is an organisation in Sweden who 's task is to watch rascist organisations in Sweden im a 29 year old proud white male who is looking to surround myself with other proud white individuals. im not a radical just a normal guy who is proud of my culture and is tired of being looked down upon from society for being a proud white male. also tired of the `` white boyz '' who are clueless of who they are and where they come from. if anyone wants to know more about please ask And `` heat '' means guns ( ' case y' all ai n't down wit da slang ) I wonder if Eddie has security guards present during his concerts or if he just relies on the overwhelming good will of the universe to keep him safe from the thousands upon thousands of screaming fans ? Whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non-whites . What happens when Popeye 's runs out of chicken YouTube - Popeyes Freakout ( Ghetto Vers . Aids - around 20000 every year . I was there a few weeks ago . Hey I 'm not really new to browsing the forums but i 've only just got his account and have decided to become more active online and in day to day life . I could n't wait to get to the end of your post so I could say what a great post it was ! I hope this little groid tortures her . Is that overweight fat useless bitch blind ? There are many interesting listings on this web site , including Stormfront 's own Advance Scout forum which teaches the principles of Pioneer Little Europe : http://www.angelfire.com/nv/micronations/usa.html I hope then there are no hard feelings ??? In ideological training I forbid every attack against Christ as a person , since such attacks or insults that Christ was a Jew are unworthy of us and certainly untrue historically . It was gross . So arid , so hot , so Mexican , and so colorless . Is it Hansel and Gretel , where the clever young German kids throw the evil old witch into her own oven and cook her ? Cut and Shoot , Texas ( TX 77303 ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news Islam is a false religion however unlike some other false religions it is crude and appeals to crude people such as arabs . YouTube - Grandson attacks and rapes 87-Year-Old bed-ridden amputee Grandmother YouTube - Police are looking for Flash Mob of black Teens who Robbed Dupont Circle Store . I'm glad my thread is so amusing . There is nothing I would love to see more than the arrest , trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal Zionists ! McCourt the brother of that lier who wrote that book full of lies is running on a gay anti war platform in New York.From a video of his speech the Limerick blogger has it on youtube . Now isn t that stylish Nothing says Sick in the head like chaining yourself to a crack heads baby . Camie Better quality : https : //thepiratebay.se/search/benef ... treet/0/99/205 There is also HD out , but not on YouTube yet . I would very much like to comment on this topic but I seriously doubt that I can manage to do so in fewer than five pages . new to this site looking for pure females in or around princeton ky THE ONLY WAY TO SURVIVE IS TO GO FORTH AND MULTIPLY Not that I would pick Finland though . Someone can correct me if I 'm wrong So how good did this guy have it . im 27 live in manchvagas n.h. my x girl was suposed to go and we broke up at x mass and i missed the show last yr. but not this yr. so if your a cute white women into boston oi e mail me hammerfist@attbi.com Always a need to keep the military spear sharp . Thank you YouTube - & #x202a ; Rohirrim charges at Helmsdeep & #x202c ; & lrm ; You cannot buy an identity , or even work your balls off for nothing for one . Indeed. And all the others should go to . To me and the rest of my commrades on this wonderfull White Day !!! I hope you have loads of fun and be safe !!!! So Whites in the next generation are only 20 % of the population ... in their own homelands . I 've only recently came to new conclusions ; or found old ones . Sure seen a few Munster fans with it too last weekend . 88 Hells bells even Al Quadia sp ? have high speed and I pods . Well Marco is a German patriot and musician who , in the sick minds of ZOG , committed the heinious crime of producing music for a local school . Id say move out west were ever either B.C or Alberta all white people in Canada need to move out west so we can take the west back . No, it 's not possible . www.newsnet14.com www.theforbiddentruth.net 14/88 Id love to live in that Ontario . Well actually young people can be converted with ease . Agent Bulldog ( Sweden ) - Oi ! He's a retarded feral negro ( yes , feral humans who cannot talk occasionally pop up , having been abandoned as children. ) . I was beginning to think i was alone out here . www.borderwatch.us/camp.htm http://sandiego.indymedia.org/en/2005/07/109826.shtmlhttp://sandiego.indymedia.org/en/2005/07/109855.shtmlhttp://www.saveourstate.org/forums/i ... topic = 3596 & hl = I have n't seen it yet but I can tell you hand on heart not everyone on Benefits is scrounging scum . Many many religious people are just following their programming , mixed in with a little personal interpretation and maybe a voice or two in their heads . This is one of those that I have on the wall . I was on web site not long ago checking into buying land in eastern europe while its still cheap , and not in the hands of other races. it looks like a good investment. and more importantly one way of keeping europe white helping to prevent our extintion . Wiggah 's are created when they ca n't import the genuine black . It 's a new broadcast from John Young . Africa : Britain Has Put Together A # 52m Aid Package For Drought Victims In The Horn Of Africa | World News | Sky News If your house door was locked , but at midnight your neighbor opened the door for some muslims to come inside and take your stuff , rape your wife and beat you nearly to death ... would you still think your neighbor was a nice guy ? When I was a kid I cut his grass for a few quid ; I found a s * * t load of cans in his shed so I ran off and got p * * * ed : I don t feel so bad about nicking those cans now . I do n't think that any white person with brown hair brown eye 's is infirior to me . Често сам виђао и : 828 - HBH - Heil Blood & Honour - iveo Krv i Čast . I respect them . The filthy ape gave the horse an infection . Here is another revealing one for the mass brainwashed population : Obama 's mother is a white-trash Obama 's father was married already Obama is a bastard child all correct ! [ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = sxKpdxiXKgY [ /youtube ] This looks really good Peachy . Thanks for the tip // lila My google skills have failed me . You can have chickens in your back yard here in town in Kalispell . Looks like Dennys is on my s * it list now . Thank You for Proving What I said I just created a new user group for all members of Stormfront with Slavic ancestry ! :stupid The liberals and communists of all shades can relax and take it easy . Great work Mjodr . In our area , they 've pretty much stopped showing mug shots of Negroes like this : Whites have to go on the names to figure it out . ? Yes and thank you to those who reported this vile sicko . Shall we create a new professional one without the freak subculture ? I am 6 ' 0 around 160lbs 100 % Hungarian. anyone out there ???? 16 Dr William Pierce . I just want to add that no matter what a person 's class or character I will always give a white person the benefit of `` coming right '' before I reject them as `` wiggers '' or `` white trash '' We must do something .. and soon . Their English language means they are drowning in the MLK-esque crap coming out of America . Ukraine defense minister ignores repeated phone calls from Chuck Hagel http://washingtonexaminer.com/ukrain ... rticle/2544358 I was up late watching tv and there it was on CNN , Click on the link Video - Breaking News Videos from CNN.com It will be belated wishes now because I wont get the chance to see Nick until after the new year but I will pass them on . But as for them adopting kids , the answer is NO . YouTube - MACEDONIAN FANS IN CROATIA And this : YouTube - Izlezi momce MACEDONIA VS GREAT BRITAIN 23.08.2010 Oh Chrommagus , we are so lucky that you did not destroy this `` gypsy capital of Sofia '' , ( Whatever it means ) I wo n't argue anymore , I discovered that Coldblooded is 15 years old specialist of racial classifications , if he told me that I ca n't post in Slavic thread .. he might be right Big authority . Here's an example of red violence against patriotic St George 's Day marchers and a red site encouraging even more of it the next year . Stop the March for England 2013 ( from Rough Music ) | Brighton Anti-fascists 14/88 . Well I wonder if its started messing with the daughter yet . Welcome to my Irish brothers I hope your posts on Irish politics are accepted here ; Ireland is a country I would like to learn more about . I watched a few minutes of it the other night and felt sick . Comments say she is from SA . They neglect to mention that Jared also ran about 30 miles a day ... We 're totally flooded . Justin Barrett was on Yesterdays lastword on Today FM you can listen to the show on the link below , Justin comes on in about half an hour into the program . Guess we Yanks gave them a hel-uva attitude adjustment at Hiroshima . I have seen these things popping up more and more on youtube and I like it . - Boleslav The brave . Will they ever learn ??? 16 Sad but true . Ouuuuuuu , do I hate ! The sooner the better . ( Listen to the noise made at 0.34 - remind you of anything ? ) The gift that keeps giving . I have tears in my eyes from laughing so hard ... that was hilarious , Theoden . Does anyone have a digital camera that could post some pictures of typical public places in any part of scandinavia so that I and others may see the racial makeup of present day scandinavia ??? Thanks ! He is a pathetic little chimp . We should all know by now who hates Christains more than anyone else . Angry sheboon trashes liquor store . Likewise. I guess they would not want to offend an ape . Hundreds of millions White people have ! I wish it would come back Old Tarzan movies , `` Zulu '' , and `` King Kong '' have many such images . Email me at ericahoesch@ntelos.net. She could then go on welfare and take out student loans to go to college . i have been talking about it for years. the filthy muslims putting their sight on africa. in some ways they are worst then blacks . I'm not in the Chicago area , but I do know some people in the Chicago area . I have a few things to reply to . May you rot in Hell , `` Tamir . '' http://news.rgj.com/apps/pbcs.dll/ar ... 34/1004/NEWS19 I am a 33 year old single white male in northern Virginia . It can be read online here : http://www.rastko.org.yu/istorija/te...ell-tesla.htmlandhttp://www.scribd.com/doc/2683312/Pr ... n-Jacob-ONeill Growing up with our many children , the other kids of the town will follow their lead . ( As I watch from the safety in front of my computer monitor. ) LOL . I ai n't deaf yet . Well it 's not exactly a pic , but check out my new avatar ! i think some of you are a bit wrong on this one since Our Race Is Our Nation when will you learn ? Amen . I have n't , because I threw out my TV in the mid-1990s when there were to many blacks on TV . What color hair looks best ? the one in the middle is the natural color ... but i like to color it because in the summer it turns a weird color that isnt very pretty ... Negro rainforest `` music ''. According to this story , the two Swedes were outnumbered , and the video only showed the final few seconds . `` Gott Mit Uns '' We will become a melting pot like our other sister countries in Europe . 32 I have just followed the link for the BDP , tried to check the policies only to be shown a lot of Latin that translates as total gobbledegook ! There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors , if you date a non white it is bad , no matter if the non-white is asian , black or arab. Exactly. somebody``hcf''calledputin``ahero''!lololol!This``hero''finallytransformedformersovietjewnion in ``russian''judea!In this misery-torn country-are there-70 officially billionaries , tens f thousands millionaries , and tens of millions of poor and miserable who look for their pittance at the garbage places ! I'm an adult in my late 30s . No, I meant how to get around buying up all the land in a PLE chosen town while refusing nonwhites to buy any property in such an area , it probably would n't matter if a nonwhite bought your house before you joined a PLE . In BB . Are there any ple`s started yet then ? and if so where are they so we can check them out maybe we will move to one . Pathetic scum . Soccer and Music . So we have ox-driven ambulances in Zimbabwe and donkey powered police in South Africa ... Will Obama Declare Martial Law Before 2016 ? : Freedom Outpost I think they are just desperately trying to be more popish than the Pope himself and avoid accusations of racism before they are even expressed by demanding increased immigration . The Wolf Many of the local gods are lost forever , and many that were once gods were transformed into simple spirits , creatures , etc . -- A man wanted for attempted murder in New York City was killed Friday afternoon in an exchange of gunfire with officers with a fugitive task force who had gone to a Regency Square-area apartment to arrest him . Somehow we 'll have our own Texas site , some day . Since I will be posting with the default text in the future you no longer have any reason to hate me . It became that way because years and years ago , joe louis ran a camp for ghetto kids there . Hi, I am very respectable nordic man , living in Finland , aged 34 . Most White Western Women have the racial sense of a cabbage . Spent the night in a hotel in SLC as a matter of fact . Swedish land perhaps ? The Negro Pre-Adamite beast girl complains that this somehow mysteriously `` targets '' her . http://www.amv3.com/forum/viewtopic.php ? p = 5542#5542 I do n't see why the gardai do n't just grab them and deport them none of them are entitled to be here In another thread , I was railed by several respectable members of StormFront for my unconditional support of our troops . Negros are so dumb . More info in the Ethnic Crime Report . Please, enough of the Finno-Ugric fairy tale https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t416643 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t69616 / And here is a Khanty song for comparison Khanty song `` Akem ar '' ( `` Old Man 's Song '' ) - YouTube Why did it take so long to release it ? Just shows the absurdity of Obamamania : an athletic white woman attacks one libtard to proclaim the holiness of another libtard who may be worse ! Send me a PM if you 're going . Some months later I heard he got caught getting 4 dole payments a week pretending to be 4 different people ! Put 's Shakespeare 's Shylock to shame ... if Mr. Weiss had whiskers he would be indistinguishable from a rat. ] Aragorn Indeed, it is quite odd for something like this to be posted on this forum . Not one mention about burns night our own culture . i joined this site just a few hours ago but ive been visiting for a while before hand .. very interesting topics things you just dont see in mainstream anymore .. actualy what the hell am i saying never ever seen in main stream EVER ... its a damn shame ... Nancy Grace has had no other news but this for weeks . The story is available from the below link , which in turn came from AP . It would be nice to see Negro leaders like that take charge and lead their people home . I left a comment under his reply to the Tea Party video but I have to highlight it to be able to read it . Cohen is shameless . hi. i live in florida. dont worry i dont have a boyfriend. not that no one will ask me out , but they are all * * * * * * lovers . Seen some girl about 6 years old begging on grafton street once and we were coming out of a shop a few mins later when her father pulls up in a decent car. scum. the lot of them . I am in Orlando , and I am also searching for people who are proud of their heritage. email if you are intrested in talking That's good I wish there was someone standing for my interests where I live , but as it stands now that is not likely to ever happen . https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t795949-2/#post9151222 I do n't dare to look at them ! You cant protest there for this ? The only species that constantly grabs his crotch in front of others and waves their arms around furiously are : 1. monkeys 2. blacks 3. both of the above Need I say more ? We can work together and look after each other which blacks cant. We can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians cant. Just Google it and you 'll see what I mean . That 's all I ever see on the morning news . On other hand , Armenians is nearly 98 % Armenian , so if indeed all of non-white ones are assimilated gypsies , kurds , Assyrians etc. well then Armenians cannot be called white nation then , can they ? My boyfriend needs to watch this video ... I 've gotten fed up before and told him to turn the damn thing off and put on some music , look at things on the internet , or go somewhere out of the house . That's a crock of crap ! I adore the cold , as long as I can fly down South to walk on the beach when it 's warm . Hi my name is Chris I 'm 35 looking for white ladies to go on dates with that are devoted to one man . Welcome to SF Britain great white brit I must say the influx of new members so far this month is very good news . Imagine that someone tells that it 's your fault because you provoked Russians or some similar idiotic bullcrap . there's a spirit rising a spirit called my blood a spirit that needs purity a spirit that needs one one in mind It got so bad that I literally sat outside with our dog ( he was on a lead ) . That is until she finds her glasses ! : stupid : jump There are no dumb questions and there are plenty in this thread who will answer to the best of our abilities . Another classic . More on Jamaica YouTube - Fighting rages in Jamaica Notice that this video was made by Al-Jazera Major Chimpout Warning ! Just wait until we open our doors to the poor people from the TB capital of Europe , Romania . It 's the same with Jerry Springer Attack Of The KKK Dad ( Part 1 ) - YouTube you could easily describe democracy as the destruction of the whites. at least national socialism cared about it 's own people rather than others . The child s mother has been arrested [ no need to post that ugly face ! ] http://jacksonville.com/news/crime/2010-10-13/story/law-disorder-missing-toddler-found-gym-bag They fear it might be racist ! Hi All I am 130lb and I have Brown hair and I am looking for a WP girl in NC around fay or brag if this is you e-mail me The History channel had something on about what your talking about . Just badly spelt like everything else in Holland ? A Big walk away , she went back to her ex , and told me never to speak to her again because I am a embarisment to her . I try to avoid the GMO stuff too , but since they do n't label the stuff it 's hard to do . I shall live by these 10 rules for the rest of my life as if they where the word of god . Black father , White mother , half breed teenage son . Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy is n't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia . Acts of racism in Ireland show short memories of Irish everywhere Read more : Acts of racism in Ireland show short memories of Irish everywhere | Irish News | IrishCentral Follow us : @IrishCentral on Twitter | IrishCentral on Facebook I never drink diet anything either because of the aspartame and water is for the fish . Guess what I got for new years . i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth. somalians = scumalians ! Lets be honest here , how many black fathers stick around until the child is a teenager ? They sometimes ride the ice south ... they turn up in Iceland once in a few years and I think they are common in Svalbard with its frozen sea . Well if you like to travel mine advice is if they are n't anyone with same beliefs then look in other places and broaden you experiences in other places I would like to have a look round too Planning it for later this year Just a look round Looks like a beautiful country from the air ( google ) They all p * * * * d off and stayed up their end with that stupid look on their faces . we should have our rights to do things our own way and all but that woman SHOULD have had an abortion !!! im against killing babies but there is NO WAY that could have gone well. dead fetus could 've probably killed the mother . We need to figure out how to make these products on a small scale for the White Nationalist community so we are not stuck buying from anti-White companies . Thorongil You get one twin , I get other . I wo n't own one , but they 're so entrancing . Again, I can only offer what I have read . Well I 'm in the vicinity , anyone up for a chat ? So people go out of the country for a few years , come back and their money in the bank has been given to black illegal immigrants , this is shocking . WTF is wrong with the Irish ?? I sure hope you 're right . The reds are always protesting against people like David Irving its time we got out there and counter act them hello all im thinking of going to europe in the next couple weeks and am trying to decide between ireland and eastern europe . I mean three or four years older , like 24 or 25 years of age . Thank you for this update . I stopped there one day looking for a job for my holidays , and I left immediately when I saw it : you can barely find a straight person there in summer . There 's one billboard that has the candidate , two black supporters , and Congressman Steve Cohen . 93.5 THE BEACH - THE ROCK STATION I hope his God blesses him This should be on every major news channel in America . The beast we oppose knows it has backed itself into a corner , and at such times , such creatures are at their most aggressive . See, South Africa is just a glimpe into OUR future , as the beasts of Memphis run it directly into the ground . When Emily was murdered my wife sent the info to Nancy Grace and there was not a word said about it . http://www.facebook.com/pages/ % D0 % A0 ... 19205191443389 Hi, Yes anywhere in the maritimes is full of culture and if you like old fashioned values and a very white city go to St. John 's Newfoundland . Hi, I am in Nor Cal and there are many other like minded people here too . He dissappeared somewhere and I thought nothing of it . You can have your site on Odins Rage but host your picture and zip files somewhere else like geocities.com , cause Odins Rage doesnt give much room . Had to make it up that is why I want to know where did Celtic Nation found this picture : Just two girls looks to be portuguese . This thread is for answering questions related to NS , that 's all . The large White families are so beautiful to behold . http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/ne...p?story=655156 And the usual loyalist reaction and freedom to Nationalists is to attack the Harryville Catholic Church and hold pickets while people pray inside if the parade goes ahead , and give abuse and threaten and attack Catholics in Ballymena . I readNesta Webster , Gary Allen , Douglad reed and the Protocols over30 yrs ago and I feel sorry for you who cannot work roundit or throughit . This flier makes it easier for everyone to get behind our troops , by moving them out of Iraq , and to a location where they will be performing according to the U.S. Constitution . Look how they try to silence then refuse to speak to a new member who posted it in innocence . WEKU Check local and regional post 's once in a while . The U.S. Marshals Service said Barion A. Blake was killed about 12 : 30 p.m. at The Colonnade at Regency apartments in the 900 block of Monument Road . I think only on the island of Rügen their local gods were actually major gods ( Porewit , Rugiewit , Porenut , Karewit , etc. ) , and there was also Kresnik here in Slovenia . I 've seen it and currently live it , and let me tell you it is not pretty . It goes on in all of the White Western World . The ghetto of the north . I would like to knock a lot of people 's heads together but I only have two hands !!! Richard Anthony March 2 , 2014 A Storm is Brewing on the Horizon ? Though i am from younger generations , these are my father words . I would like to finish this tree for posterity , so what about these terms ? If yer interested in chattin ' drop me a line . Yes, have you seen the Pancrase tornouments in Japan ? Im also young , probably too young . I wonder if this is the taste of what 's to come to all of Europe in a couple of decades . If u wanna chat drop me a line RaHoWa ! Damn fine son you have there . The best way to prevent Black on White rape is to succeed in our goal of removing them all from white countries . 1488 Its a great piece of history to know . Government should be held accountable for not doing more in the past to preserve better.Hopefully whats left can be managed better . Watching out for Anti-Whites if you have info on Anti-Whites send it to this site I am sure there are lots of you out there with info on Anti Whites so send it in . Hails How is this worthy of a human rights hearing ? Too bad it 's Bug day tomorrow , grrrr . Southern tip Logging Lake Looking at Logging Mtn Southern tip Logging Lake Numa Ridge from Bowman lake ranger station Posing for a shot on the bridge across Quartz Creek to the back country campground God, it is sickening to see these young lives taken by feral negroes . Are there any slavs that have black or darker hair color ??? If it 's really this easy for an admittedly skilled hypnotist to do this to people , what could CIA/KGB/MI6/etc do with full , unrestrained control over someone ? When there , have many children . Personal Card for Teacher - Johann Warzecha in the Upper Silesian village of Kaminietz , near Tost-Gleiwitz ( Toszek-Gliwice ) . There are hundreds of skins out here , esp. in your area . We all know who is responsible for this . I 'm 75 % Italian ( Alpine ) and 25 % Finnish ( Nordic ) . 11000 euro !?! * * * * ing scum ! i wonder if anyone would get anything if they set themselves up in a polish area and started begging. they would probably get a * * * * ing beating . Do you know how long it takes to get the membership card and whatnot ? Sorry, my last comment was published 2 times because I thought it was not published , I had a problem with the internet . There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies . You should have posted in Rants to see a mix of WN/Anti responses I hope that black creep does not get off easy . I'm sure their failure to dig simple bloody pits for their ordure is our fault somehow . I am willing to attend , support and protect Mr. Taylor 's event and his freedom of speech anywhere close to Michigan Damn Canada ! hello all Is any one on here from Austin Texas or not far ? They also said the same thing about the white girls that was severely beaten on Halloween a few years ago and also about the pregnant woman that was beaten in front of her own house . This is a board for mature people - who are free to join or leave/return at any moment . the father said on the news this morning the church has already told him they would appel the verdict and if they lost again they would just file bankruptcy and he wouldnt see a dime ! Most Americans will probably wind up working in fast food anyway and this can delay that by a few decades . My God look who just finished his Taco for lunch ! immigrants are desperate to stay here. who can blame them ? our government treats them as lords and we as muck. welcome to SFI Pluirin ! I 'll be out of town for a few weeks , and I do n't plan on getting online again while I 'm gone ... Maybe we can touch base then ! 88 ! This information was denied by the protesters in the Administration building . I'm in the pittsburgh area myself . Its that simple Do they expect us to go out and welcome these leeches on our society with open arms. they should give them zyklon b for lunch , thad would help the suitation !!! Too lazy to make a proper rage comic . God Bless I know of Chris Rock and subsequently have hated him for a long time . http://kalispell.craigslist.orghttp://www.mountaintrader.com/http://www2.dailyinterlake.com/classifieds/ Bunch of phonies . Our task is to brainwash them ( in the literal meaning of the word ) so that they come home where they belong . Justice for Emily I just shake my head every time this thread comes to the front page . Here is where she was going to be out on the streets , last year : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t1008885/ Hopefully the traitors will be encircled in Westminster palace . I saved the site now . Are you trying to kill me ? Good thing there are the zionist police to keep me from coming and taking everything you have earned with your arrogance . What happened is they left . the white race will soon be on the brink of being a minority in a few years if nothing is done to stop these vile hordes invading our lands , I for one do not want to live in a city like Bradford or Birmingham where we are outnumbered 2 to 1 or worse You say Bloeslaw Chrobry ; in Croatian we would say Boleslav Hrabri . Once again , blacks showing they cannot control themselves . May they all get mad cow disease . 4 hrs · In a sinister development , Waterford Against Street Crime and Organised Begging has gained support from the Nationalist Movement - an ardently fascist , racist , anti-immigration , anti-multiculturalist , Islamophobic , homophobic organisation . it does n't make sense to have hispanics securing the border. after all were are their loyalties. let 's support wn s who want to become border patrol agents . There are places where you can walk around all day and not see a single white face . thank you for the support Ukrainian brothers . Like This [ img ] Documents and SettingsBlueGuardSkrivebordNy Bitmapbillede.JPG [ /img ] Warning : Graphic . He allowed his wife to bring a black male into his home and he had a daughter ? I went through that experience moving within the same county . And nice website also So I guess you 'll just have to go to the Canadian Prime Minister and ask him to declare you Emperor and step down , or something ? Alex Jones is not Pro White , he is trying to take anti-White and subvert it back into `` anti-racism '' and forced racial integration . It makes my heart sick . Butte , Montana Promotional Video - YouTube Shocking . This video is just plain hilarious . If teachers have to focus extra attention on foreigners because they cannot speak English properly , it will be the indigenous Irish students who will suffer . As northern Ireland falls under our rule we have more right to be here than a plastic paddy from america so kindly crawl back under your rock . They just say this because it makes it sound better and know that people would be less likely to speak out against this . Noose Does You do n't know anything about that person except what they themselves have chosen to tell sound familiar ? 88 sister no buddy reply to your post ? His name is Josh Gilmore 2508 Braun I am 24 , like to hang out in my local bar have few ones and place music as much as i can . The image is tainted and was bad to begin with . MY father is American but I would never think of going to live in the lair of Satan ! The French and Russians should speak their own native languages , but French and Russian schoolchildren should learn German at school instead of English . OK, I have been through some of the other threads on this section about NS and watched a few videos on YT . Hey, he says he wants to conquer the world , not stay home and eat cookies ... he 's obviously got balls to post a picture like that ... more power to him . I got a pm from him in which he cliams to write for the Sunday Independent 's Life magazine , enough said I have nothing against them . While My mother has Blond hair brown eye 's and my father Brown hair blue eye 's and i inherited my brown hair blue eye 's from my father . I do n't go line dancing but I listen to country and want to live on a ranch or farm I say let him in and let him rant his mouth with all the Mudslums ! Before I became a skingirl and before I let my hair grow once again . I almost fell off my chair with sadness and anger when I heard this from the vanguard site . Every Hispanic I have known is terrified of dogs and do n't like cats either . And Look at the bollix teachers are feeding our kids . I am defiantly intrested in maybe hanging out sometime . Show me some progress in our struggle . Heroes In The Snow ( Sweden ) - Rock & Roll Midgards Søner ( Sweden ) - Oi ! That was a wonderful article by Kevin Myers . Further pictures and details from `` Greek and Roman Artillery Wiki '' . CAMPO SAN DIEGO EAST COUNTY CALIFORNIA On Now thru August 7 , 2005 760 644-0857 Come One Come All ! I live in Napervile , and CF < let me know when ya have a date for that get together , I would love to go . St. Pats football teams fans use the St. Patricks Cross aswell as it being the symbol for the IRU . Words of old wisdom , `` proverbs '' : `` Paljon puhetta , vähän villoja '' - ( context : shearing ) `` Lot ´ s of talk , few of wool '' ( meaning : shut up and do your work ) `` Missä paljon puhetta , sieltä totuus kaukana '' - ( context : universal ) " , Truth is far away , where there ´ s much speech " ( meaning : blabbering for vanitys sake is not only useless but also a sin ) Lynched perhaps , elected , no. Music and the right art to go with it is perfect in my opinion . Precisely! The reason for this persecution ? I 'll have to rep you for it later . thats good there they was cleaning the moscow the same way like the capital i with thay would clean here this banana republic ( Washington DC ) send all this blacks and welffare resipiance to the mexico or at list Detroid 2056 No wonder Lord Of The Rings is so hated by our social engineers . There's more sex and sleaze condensed on the shelves of the check out line than you 'll get in 2 hours of TV - and 2 hours of TV is lethal to your spirit ! and I just want to put it out there I have the receipts for all but what I gave debras and what I gave to the mechanic in Elgin for debras van but as you can see from leithnd.com even they watched me pay that just go to town news and click on the November 29th post Although they do appear trashy and promote race mixing , the two head figures in the band are white , are married and do have a white child . He 's gone . I am not a white female or in wisconsin but I figured I would say hi since your talkin with my wife I imagine that modern Italians can understand most of any given Late Latin text written approximately two thousand years ago , without any problems . I have read it three times and find it very interesting . I welcome you to SF and hope you make many friends here . If we do n't act soon they will bread us out . Shocking This is a similiar incident to that of a Boy in England recently who was killed by Muslims for wearing an England Shirt . I remembered a really good one : Muenster , TX. - 95.7 % White - Zero negroids Muenster , Texas ( TX 76252 ) profile : population , maps , real estate , averages , homes , statistics , relocation , travel , jobs , hospitals , schools , crime , moving , houses , news This town figured out a name that would keep the blacks from moving in ; Cut and Shoot , Texas : 85.8 % White , Zero Negros . What good are these scammers to the country who Broke EU law to come here ? The reasons : Alcoholism takes around 150000 lives every year . I noticed a lot of fat little white girls with monkey boyfriends . Excellent FM , you know the score ! Gotta have the green grass and trees . 2.0 ) * Does contain alot of profanity , so you have been forewarned * I just cant stand to listen to negros sing and 30 sec. is all I could handle . At least half of all humans are of below-average intelligence . Our brothers & sisters in SA must stand their ground because they have earned through the blood and sweat of their ancestors . I scored higher than any non-whites too . Wow look how they promote such hate then they wonder why most of us want them to move back to africa Watch out from Turkey they have a little score to settle with you guys . At least skip ahead to 9 : 50 and watch the final minute . I'm sure the negro had it coming . I 've seen University of Cape Town 's website and checked how many white students they have , about 40 % . Greeting Fellow Nationalist I and White Avenger and I have joined this Site to free our Great Contry of theColoured Invaders . https : //www.facebook.com/bosanskinacionalisti ? fref = ts Here you can see various phenotypes of white members of that group , with purely European faces I came to terms with that and the fact that they are better with a spear than I will ever be . RAMMSTEIN - 18.Ich will ( 2012-02-11 - Moscow ) - YouTube High mortality rate - like country is at war . WehrWolf101 Exactly, I stand alone here . YouTube - Fight At Chuck E. Cheese In California ! Man accused of triple murder in Hoffman Estates denied bond `` But at 1 : 30 a.m. Friday , Howard allegedly went to the home and a quarrel ensued . USA is represented by a negro family and Australia a I have no clue what family . I put Neo-cons and Liberals in the same category as far as whites go . They have been heavily attacked lately . Every f * cking school child knows that the Globe is round , only total PIZDAS do n't . You will know it is a nightmare on day you wake up and you have a black muslim running your country . We need to all move out west were the resources are and bring in whites from all other nations then separate we need to have a white homeland its the only way we could possibly save our race . I've never been a BNP supporter anyway , the party was doomed from the start . Protesting Catholic guilt mongering and intellectual deprivation is as worthy of mentioning as the protesting of institutionalized and indoctrinated White guilt from the Jewlords across the Apelantic . It's really good to see that the people of Northern Ireland will not tolerate any $ hit or problems from foreigners . Alba hello. my name is sean brennan. i live in mission kansas. i 'm looking for more people in my area to hang out with. please email me at nirvana@emailnerd.com And this is why SA went from First World under Botha 's rule ( deKlerk does n't count ) to a Third World begger horde . 23 - White Supremacist - The 23rd letter of the alphabet is W. ROA - Race Over All - Rasa iznad svega SWP - Supreme White Power - Nadmoćna Bela Sila 100 % - 100 % White - 100 posto Belac-beo . What was once public employee , is now worker . Marco Laszcz is a singer and mastermind of the band Sleipnir . Good luck to you and your knight Romanians and Italians are fighting with one another while the enemy of all Latin people and of all Aryan humanity is laughing up his sleeve . Its a disgrace my sister has been on the waiting list for 6 years and their giving away houses to these scumbags Pathological killers , they are . Of course , I live in a rather small town ( 30.000 inhabitants ) . Africans in Ireland should be treated like paedophiles . Odium ( Sweden ) - Oi ! ( This is one my favourites ... http://www.occultopedia.com/f/feral_children.htmhttp://www.ling.lancs.ac.uk/chimp/la...E4/4kamala.htmhttp://www.occultopedia.com/w/wildpeter.htm Aragorn It is good that anti-White , is working its way out into the mainstream though . And they are just growing in numbers , this is probably gonna happen all over europe My great grand dad was Lord of the Manor in Warborough ( Oxfordshire ) . The Fans . OSLO TURNING INTO A MAJOR CRIMINAL MUSLIM MECCA The girl is indeed amazing . As long as they are pro-White and follow board guidelines , I can put up with their `` spin '' ... as long as they 'll put up with mine . I think I read a comment like that on a video on YouTube and it made me chuckle . I saw the clip too . Okay so if I go by that logic means you 're willing to give up that piece of land ... hey all of you are not alone in this brothers. there are so many more than you will ever know. i am one of them and i am proud to be very white . Now I 'm motivated ! I have a dominant personality and I look for the same thing in girls . Yes, she was born in Svrljig ( 11 . Thanks In Britain .. We have to kill off all of the Whites so we can go back to eating cow dung ! " London artist shot dead in South Africa protecting his family from gunmen in raid during wedding anniversary - Crime - News - London Evening Standard Five is about what I 've found also . Hey, I live in Illinois not too far from you. i 'm always trying to find new friends and people to hang out with , some email me sometime Too many internet people know me by looks , and would love to crucify me for something . we had somebody there to monitor this protest they had around 13 people there despite their claims that they usually have hundreds at their demos . All Slavic people had same pre-Christian Gods , Svarog , Svetovid , Perun , etc. etc. but old Bulgarian pantheon is totally different . If they ban the celtic cross as a hate symbol it 'll make every graveyard in Ireland a shrine with thousands crosses in them around or country If her eyes linger ................................... she 's yours . I have to agree . Is this confirmed ? I 'll post as much as I can , but I 'm more of a BNP supporter than an expert . I want to meet some single women in the Wichita area for friendship maybe more . The lawsuit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court last week , is the latest in a string of cases against the company and the jew Charney including five sexual harassment cases that have been settled , dismissed or placed in arbitration . If they were to educate themselves about history a little better they could get over it . And `` it 's because I 've been having trouble with my landlord , dot dot dot . '' I think VHS tapes are available at Amazon . To think that such a great Christian nation as Ireland has an Islamic Foundation is sickening . Maybe some of you people should grow up , You don`t pick a man or woman for your mate because of the color of their eyes and hair . http://www.boston.com/news/local/mas ... orture ? mode = PF Irish men are SOOOOOOO beautiful !!!! This is a struggle you will have to make your self . Well yes that s the thing there is a difference between being publically a White Nationalist and being a nut or some ' stereotypical skinhead ' . No. Agreed. Sadly that is what happens when you dumb down a society and make everything sexual.Not even innocent animals are out of the question for these sickos . im back on the other side of the pond now and i was actualy in the 17th district but thanks the heads up It's an American term that most people in Britain and Ireland would never have heard if it was n't for American tv shows . Now it is time to drive out all traitors ! another article on the mail today on their side bet you they will be allowed to stay think of the money that these people soak off the irish people madness www.faem.com No one else is going to bother telling this story . Didnt know that . It 's why they do n't take real ones seriously . Correct. On a scale of cute babies I 'd say this little man scores a 10 all the way around . As kids they watch leftie music shows kids tv shows etc . 2-Year-Old Dies Of Rape , Mammy 's Boonfren ' Charged - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Dekalb 2-Year-Old Dead ; Caregiver Charged Police Say Child Was Abused POSTED : 10 : 41 pm EDT October 2 , 2010 UPDATED : 11 : 51 pm EDT October 3 , 2010 Dekalb 2-Year-Old Dead ; Caregiver Charged - DeKalb County Headlines News Story - WGCL Atlanta Interesting guy , if you 've never seen Derren Brown before . And there 's no need for a video game , just pack concealed carry and walk around any major US city after dark . Its good to know that living in San Fran does n't mean you have to give up your 2nd amendment right anymore . If not kept in check , we may very will be living in an actual Planet of the Apes soon . I think I heard that Sweden and Norway have MTV now , do Finland or the Baltic states get that garbage yet ? Yes, it 's time to imagine that . 2508 ApÃ © ro gÃ © ant : trois jeunes soupÃ § onnÃ © s de viol https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t809905/ http://www.nationalvanguard.org/story.php ? id = 4191 Animated short film starring Stormfront members . Those visionary and responsible negroes ... Because Whites are discouraged from breeding . Finns and Sweds can become even closer after this and we can start to become true brethren nations like we always should have been . Tamir Hamilton , sadistic rapist/murder . None dare call it White genocide Forward this around to friends and family , spread the word : None dare call it White genocide Because I pulled her from the ashes and I 'll bring her back to the condition she was before she was put in the hands of a neglectful old lady and a hard * * * * teenager . Sometimes when a person dyes their hair black it looks very strange . http://www.venetofronteskinheads.org...mmer_2008.html So check your pm . I spent quite a bit of time with April and driving around with my new van . The next generation is our future , and it is our responsibility to ensure that they are raised to be bright , proud , and physically and morally sound White men and women . It's sort of like the Black computer genius that only appears with any ubiquity on television or in the cinema . I have seen a picture of a non-White Soviet Soldier in Berlin after the fall . Groids are scared to death of a big aggressive dog . Cant say over the net what I do EVERY day for our cause but you can bet I do my part . The only problem I see in the area is a lack of outside work . So lets kill all the whites there because every single one of them is a ZOG agent , even the children ! It is amazing to watch the newscasters report on all these cases , yet never make a connection . `` Parkelj '' is the companion to the Christian St. Nicholaus ( Miklavž ) each year : And here we celebrate Jarilo every year under the name `` Zeleni Jurij '' : Wonder if food stamps would cover s * * t for them in America and we could not have a food shortage of real food ? today i obtained this article. gene kerrigan looks non white. it 's nice to see the indo refering to my st. bridgets cross/celtic cross/sunwheel designs ! Living in a boarder state , Texas , the problems of illegal aliens is , naturally , a stark reality , and let me add that the only solution that I see is the implimentation of U.S. Troops as guards on the Mexican boarder . We are looking to close on the land soon thats all I can say about the location , but I will tell you it will be in the southeast of the USA . Wolf 278 Woy's face was a picture at the end of that Uruguay game . The worst city I have ever seen in person was Miami Florida . Compared to the stunningly beautiful white Swedish females she is just a barfy mixed breed dog . Now there are hundreds and in a few years there will be thousands . How 's it going ? So according to your logic since blacks have been in N.America for hundreds of yrs they should be allowed to stay ? and yes whites should leave africa . Thank you for your major contribution to society Servents/maids , workers of some type ? They can kiss their N.B.A. careers goodbye . Idiotic. I would like to say a very big welcome to all our new members I have not been around of late but hopefully I will be back here on a more regular basis . Is this group in Sweden genuine or are they thieves who steal money but never send the goods you order ? BNP just fills the gaps .... A noble effort . January 29th , 2012 - Whitefish Amtrak Station in winter . Thank you . Piece of * * * * deserves to be shot . Not just that , but many people who adopt kids are capable of making their own pure white children . heil sisters thank you this is why i wood stand side by side on the front line with my sisters thay are the bast ps AggroOigirl your profile say your are a single mother so i thot you was oi sorry skins for ever Goldenboy 88 WPFR The person who does that will also make history in his or her field . Here's a site that compiles news articles of white crime and degeneracy . Hi, new to the site , saw your message , i live in Aurora and would like to meet some good ppl here , Brian These in Russia i saw was pure black as black as can be , maybe some of them was `` tourists '' and `` students '' but the ones i seen near the out door music show was wearing dirty clothes in their late 20s big gang off them , even seen a girl dating a black . Scores of dead animals found on Thandi Modise 's farm | eNCA Pigs forced to eat pigs on NCOP chairâ € ™ s farm | News24 Animal Cruelty ? Sick Russian Oleg and Igor are Slavic versions of Scandinavian Helge and Ingvar . I'd like to meet with anyone pro-white , white nationalist or especially national socialist like myself . open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > > Check this video out SF ' we must welcome Africans with open arms they have every right to be in Ireland ' . As far as I know there is no russophobia in Belarus . It was put there in just the last few hours . Milwaukee Wisconsin The Third Weekend In July Every Year ! You forgot to add that they spread disease and their poor hygiene causes pest infestations , then there is rampant drug use and sexual assaulting white women and children . It looks like everyone got haircuts at the door except you and your friend . Thank you very much . Militias are too risky with the Feds . - YouTube Welfare Checks Late - YouTube Don't stop trying because the negro will prove you to be right . Well done to all the people in Ireland.Let 's hope this is just the start of people waking up to the dangers of a mulitracial society . Someone is a GENIUS ! He live on forums all day because he have no job . And I 've seen many Serbian members here trying to prove Serbs are the oldest people on Earth . You can start out as an aware person who does n't need a herd to tell if something just is n't right , but if you have no allies and you 're bombarded with the mass point of view , you will succumb more and more . TF . If only we had more friends that we could count on through thick and thin like balije . Maybe some of us can meet , move in next to or near each other , and start building up White communities and keep it spreading across the country . There is a sign up , placed by the council , stating `` No Ball Games '' , so what are they doing , yes playing football . Robert Steuckers and Dr. David Duke Gunther Van Den Eynde en Dr. David Duke Euro-Rus 2008 ! Toy Crane Commercial | BMO Harris Bank - YouTube You mean like how there was no electricty or other public services except the post office and some roads during the Old Republic ? Croats were so fortunate to have such reliable allies . Kris Roman , Jan Kristel , Dr. Alfred Vierling , Dr. David Duke , Thiery Van Roy , Frederik Ranson , Andreas Thierry , Stephanos Gekas . Well , the warm weather is coming in and guess what , I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants , Africans , foeigners ( Im putting them all because there is that many of them ) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area , screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing . I understand that we are all proud people with very well defined beliefs but fighting amongst each other is really counterproductive . Seems like Jewtube has been down for a few hours . When he gets out he 'll have more support than ever . 75 % of junior high Student 's could n't point out New york state on a map . At least the NS in Sweden have the right idea and are something that Americans should look towards . Whether you get along well with the people is irrelevant , and it 's even worse if you get along with them on a personal level because you will express yourself less to avoid offending them . What a silly question from a white nationalist to post on a forum which is for white nationalists That's because they do n't whore themselves out and end up looking like they 're forty at age 25 . Hey thanks for the friendly welcome ! thank you very much for your replies ! I just wonder if there is a site of the NNP in english ? anyway I hope Russia will kick non-white butts out of its territory.so long , brothers ! I do n't have much to add that have n't been said , but I would like to say welcome GarmGormius ! Jup i grew up in St.Petersburg and only saw blacks on tv . [QUOTE=Trotis;10497843]Isn't South African chocolate made by overseas companies based in SA ? ( British and Swiss ) Would a `` Mars bar '' taste different made in SA compared to one in England ? / QUOTE ] I would have thought so too , but the stuff tastes different . The lemmings have become so used to having a different color ribbon for different causes . By their fruits ye shall know them . If anyone is interested in a meet up please feel free to pm me so we can set something up we are now in Toronto and St Catharines . I am from vancouver wa am a singer in a up an coming white power band and i am looking to meet some one who has no boyfriend or man at all and is white I cant judge because i dont know them all , plus i think they are all good in their own way , that 's why they are moderators - YouTube Obama Is Going To Pay For My Gas And Mortgage !!! Why not just band with one or two of your close friends ? I 'm either in North Florida or Nigeria sometimes i ca n't tell the difference. mothergrinninbird@yahoo.com However they had Slavic names already after two generations showing that they were outnumbered and mixed with the local Slav populations . There are a lot of white babies being born in the South , but it 's still not what it should be . It's been brought to my attention recently that I 've overlooked this one . Lots Of Beautiful White German Women ! White Irish nationalist for Ireland White German nationalist for Germany White Dutch people for the Netherlands Thats not hard borders are very important even between European countries To destroy or harm any culture is a crime against humanity and melting down all the smaller countries into one big country destroying there languages and so on would just be wrong , we should work together yes we are all white and all brothers and our nations are sacred . Again, every time I will see filthy comment about Georgia without providing any facts , I will respond . I personally think she sounds like a strangled cat . Perhaps you can use this BTW notice that the information is accompaigned by a rather clumpsy muslim exercise in damage control . Was hoping it would be to commemorate the plantation as a dark part of our history but it appears to be celebrating it . The bodies of dead goats , geese , sheep , and ducks had also been discovered " . I stayed with a Georgian family in Taganrog they was very nice and white and hated musilms . Nice to see you on this board Mo. I posted a thread on this a week or so ago and here it is . 26 5feet 8 inches dark blonde hazel/green eyes 155 lbs babyface We have two things wrong here , Mexcicans in a White homeland and a Pizza company sending a female in harms way . Let me be the first to say WELCOME to SF . Im thinking that if whites in mass began PLE 's the jews would just cross out the word white and add the word minority in its place . If you want to be treated with respect then try showing a bit yourself you arrogant dismissive tosser . This is from the archive of Stormfront 's Advance Scout forum , which is solely devoted to the organizing strategy of PLE-Legionism . The billboards around town speak volumes . PS . When I look at the Zimbawee 's Mugabe , I think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' . I 'm a 25yo Skin from So . All of them plus tens of thousands of their relatives will get to stay here . Here is a synosis I just found on google : There is much more to this as I hope to show when my package arrives . Worse than Benefits St. .I have decided on the flags of the four provinces combined on four squares together as my own favourite flag to wave at Rugby and soccer internationals rather than the Tricoleur or St Pat , s . Check out the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan www.kukluxklan.org they also have a internet news program usually updated weekly and can be seen with Real Player www.thomasrobb.com : ) Står i butik ( papirforretn. ) ( The above are other people listed as living in my family 's home . Her tainted feet have no place in Sweden . I have an awesome tattooist in the burbs of Chicago ... But the worst thing is the americans and the britons wants yet to make see Basayev like a freedom hero !! I believe this was posted before but had no sound and the victim 's face was blurred . 1 . The comment I made was about the fact that Everton 's nickname is the Black Watch . Jag har inte själv varit med någon gång men jag har stor respekt för de som deltar . We have already reached that point ages ago ! He use to run it a few year ago I use to run around with him and some other lads from London If a person can find a way to create their own business , they could easily pull it off . Bad news is , weonly have cow sh * t to eat. good news is , there 's plenty of it ! Sounds like a smart idea . They're trying to turn the Internet into a mirror version of television , in other words turn it into a wasteland of celebrity worship and wipe out all of it 's potential as a medium for informing and educating . This is Hate !! Typical . Lets ask them to stop by the Federal Reserve and grab those books too as long as they 're out and about . Poor kid If you can swing it folks also get a good guard breed dog . LOL, ok I give up I just had never heard that specific word before and it was n't in my dictionary . She was tortured and mutilated . Interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don ´ t want to surrender ( in Danish ) First impressions ... I have decided to take this debate to pm . I have dark red-brown hair , but once I dyed my hair black , and it looked odd . A British school where none of the students have English as their first language ? Don't force me to eat with the hired help . [ Do n't force me to eat with the hired help - Page 4 - Cruise Critic Message Boards Then they show some shame in their face and turn away their eyes and do not disturb me with their staring . I do n't drink vodka but you sound like me but I am ten years older than you so it 's even worse . PNR by collectivization of industry do you mean the folk who work in say a factory own it themselves or do you mean its owned by the state in the name of all the citizens . Like I have suggested , get out of there and get amongst your own Folk where you can do some good . Thats how it ends up when you leave blacks alone i guess . NB , Haman , Fenris , MuadDib http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = zzSJRfoZLFY I read in the paper today that they are `` concidering '' hate crime charges . That picture was truly revolting . Especially when you consider the fact that they was no direct flights from Nigeria to Ireland makes it even more shocking Help me send a message to Obama : https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... istan/SZP82fbc https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... ation/PLzLzpnc https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... -iran/Gs7L50Kv https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... h-irs/s8XQx9Hs https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... tates/nzjYDlGM Yes but difference is that Putin is still in charge and Jews have to behave , while on other picture Jewess Albright is in charge and is there to give orders to Ukraine , so you ca n't really compare . Its a spiral in to decline ted heath ex tory pm said unemployment eats in to your soul . This site is hilarious ! Is there any country that I can move to where there are no blacks or Asians ? Thank God for that . I want to thank you for responding to my thread . Every day its a little more in the garbage I love their darker hair , their skin , their eyes ! http://www.vdare.com/stix/100209_pearcy_massacre.htmhttp://www.amren.com/ar/2002/08/index.htmlhttp://www.racismeantiblanc.bizland.com/005/02-02.htmhttp://thezebraproject.blogspot.com/ Well done . Only the crazy ones stay . `` Can you tell me where this service is ? Its about time we as a nation take matters into our own hands , over throw the government stop the white genocide deport all immigrants and establish a government to help indigenous white Britons rebuild this country . Traitors are pathetic ignorant fools , and negroes are fools because they are starting to literally bite the hands that feed them . You can take a negro out of Africa and have it grow up in Boston and Orlando , and it still reverts to its innate negro ways the moment it hits its native African soil . I saw this post a few days ago .. Which proves that they are a different people , and by any chance not Slavic . I hope they did n't eat the villagers , they might have gotten food poisoning . Yes exactly , as the GREAT was put into GREAT BRITAIN by the likes of these lads and their fathers and forefathers . Victims of Illegal Alien Crime http://www.voiac.org/report.php REPORT A CRIME . I cant understand why people in Britain loves so much to breed with non whites , it keeps me shocking when i go there . Source I was about to get on ya about using the word clip , until I realized you are talking about video clip . His commie-jew handler was Joe Slovo . I have never seen any around here and I am in a predominatly white area and have lived her basically all my life . I know we have to be polite , but come on , we do n't have to lie ... `` Those evil Whites . I'll be over in Riga in a few days . Has it been translated to English at all ? Indeed. i found another example of a so called `` russian '' turk who hates armenians and georgians . YouTube - Milk The Deadly Poison WATCH THIS !!! I do n't want sheeps , I preffer girls . The media wants to bury the story because they care more about homo killers not getting their sick fetish for young boys fufilled . 2508 If English/Scottish/wherever fans refused to turn up to watch teams of coloreds representing them on the pitch things would change . Christ did not promote any violence , however mohammed ordered to kill the non believers , which includes us christians and pagans on Stormfront . I got the impression he was trying to sell something to me . `` Nargaroth - The Day Burzum Killed Mayhem '' heheh ) either though * shrug * Scandinavia really is a black metal heaven but there 're many great bands on the outside which too are a Pride of their countries 11 that is the sadest news i have ever heard in my entire life , ireland not a white country. its like saying the world is ending Thankfully not like that up here mate . Whitefish, Montana - YouTube Gopro Whitefish MT - YouTube Going to Hungry Horse Dam - Montana 2011 - YouTube Blacktail Mt Snow Day - YouTube Endless Skijoring in Swan Valley - YouTube East Glacier , MT to Hungry Horse , MT along Route 2 at sunset !!! I agree . I'm actually really sad that only one person emailed me . That should give you a big clue about his goals . All in all , it was a good day . i agree. just for the simple fact that i grew up in orlando fl. it was a good place to live at one time. but not any more. the crime went up and is still on the rise . Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have . Norske Legion ( Norway ) - Oi ! Those who are interested in this subject and who are Sustaining Members may find the following thread to be of interest also : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... ml#post5825477 Unit14canada@gmail.com dont let it get you down brother your not on your own just bite your tongue and think of all those beutiful aryan women who think the way we do they are worth fighting for everything enoch powell said came true. hang in there brother The high levels of immigration there was one of the reasons why I moved out of that town . He is regarded as one of the central figures of the neo-Nazi right rock scene . The burka is bad enough but it 's the hijab that 's more in need of a ban than the burka . Mitt is that you ? We need to spread more videos around Haman : WNTube - YouTube the White Nationalist way ... Well good for you . It might hold together for a short time but eventually major problems will develop . They are beating each other to death everywhere , just look what they do to each other in Africa . I hope the filthy scumbags who did this get what they deserve . Yes, I have heard about that nickname for the city of Vancouver . If you 're White you 're instantly a racist no matter what you do or say . The blacks and browns are detroying sweden and nobody does anything about it ! : madex : madex : madex Texas Marine dies defending his wife in French Quarter He was fatally stabbed after a formal Marine Corps ball Marines mourn sergeant stabbed in French Quarter | National | Chron.com - Houston Chronicle There is more to race than just skin color . S.H.A.R.P. May I ask , how then do you describe a typical Georgian appearance ? They just do their job as God has given them the light to perceive it . the late doctor pierce brothers is on this weeks speech very good the corruption of white youth the same thing is happening here a must listen for whites very good very impressed by the doctors brother . Yes, this book is trash , I was made to read it four times in public school while I was growing up . One can only express sympathy to the families of those people who died regardless of whether they were protesters , police , or pro-government . By looking at the Toy Show tonight , you 'd swear the Irish were the minority in Ireland . So everytime I typed this forum appeared so I decided to join and learn more about the Aryan race and such further . Bighorn - YouTube First Run in Whitefish - Montana - Skifahren in den Rockies mit skiStern.de - Skireisen und mehr ... Neither one is better than the other . More broadly , of course I wish to see white countries get-on with each other but if it came down to a choice between my country 's interests and those of another white country I would put my own first . Good luck on the magneto-hyperdrive . hahahahahaha! There are about 20 minutes with the webmaster and the remaining 25 minutes are callers on the subject . Are there any majority white universities in South Africa ? Heart diseases - around 100000 per year . I twice went to their concert in the Olympic Stadium in Moscow - in 2010 and 2012 . Opening it again for a week ... Don't smoke , do n't drink , do n't chew gum , try to eat little sugar , little artificial ingredients , little sweeteners and preservatives ; healthy and pure , like it should be . This applies to white humans as well . This is off-topic , but since you brought that forth I suppose that you have to be answered . http://www.youtube.com/watch ? feature ... v = TrLWaksmkhA# ! Anyone who cannot watch much of this video should AT LEAST watch the last minute and listen to what he 's saying . Cheers Honestly the better idea is private schools for our people ; the average parent is a poor teacher . Great link . i have seen the autopsy report on emily they did not look for rape becouse they knew what they would find , they went just for the murder charge not rape and murder becouse they knew it would be to much for the public to take . I'm looking for an intelligent White man with a sense of humor between the ages of 21-32 . In other news , math and science scores in California and Florida schools have declined yet again . We will see who is getting belted and robbed in sofia then I 'll bump it so it 'll be easier for me to find later for reference . Always nice to see a negro on the receiving end of a beat down from a white for a change . I was wondering if there is any sort of interest among nordic nationalists or any organizations which promote the unification of Norway , Sweden , Denmark and Iceland ? --------------- > Again the same average person without special education , can understand 40 % of the text of the Iliad written in Archaic Ionian Greek approximately two thousand nine hundred years ago . NO! I got 6A 's and 4 B 's . Now there is 30 seconds I will never get back . My kinda place ! Voice my opinions without riding the coat tails of others . Absolutely. YouTube - Chucky cheese Brawl/Fight Yeah , never taking my kids there ... if and when I have kids He allegedly grabbed a knife from the home s kitchen and ended up stabbing Engelhardt s father , Alan , 57 , and maternal grandmother , Marlene Gacek , 73 . What A Week Of Groceries Looks Like Around The World | Fstoppers The site was down for 2 days but is now online again . And these words of wisdom come from a man that thinks another mans anus as well as his own was made to be used as a vagina : As well most of us are open for negiotiations , across the reticle ! Great thread and welcome to the South.So glad you left that crumbling state of California.North Ga , Tenn. , and N. Alabama are wonderful places to be among our own people . Lowest birthrate in world . If you ever hear of something like this in Northern climes , I am very interested . Why do n't White Europeans and Americans grow a set of balls , and deport these Black and brown animals from their countries ? It 's embarassing . I like the Japanese , i really do . Ya have to watch how they change the wording of things , worker = commie thinking . Its time for the return of Mosley 's blackshirts . Yes the negroes have been busy the last few weeks but we have to expect it because nothing is being done to them when a crime is committed It 's the only way . Mate if you were one of them you would n't be asking . Like is here the USA Mistreat ( Finland ) - Oi ! ( This band is great !! ) The rag-heads dont have the numbers to kick off in Ireland yet , but when they do , you will know all about it . Get back to me if u have plans to be anywhere within the next few weeks . Rule Britannia . im an irish n.s skin , id like to hear from any skin or nonskin n.s girls from around the world ! 88 ... Jews have been poisoning wells since Biblical times . Well its strange that 's Tesak start anti gay/pedo video near the same moment when Putin do the anti gay propagand law . We have to encourage people to boycott all black businesses , start rumours that blacks working in shops have AIDs which is probably true . haha; im a 19 y.o white male from newcastle area - but im moving back to sydney very soon ( west sydney im afraid lol ) In an unassuming family house on a dead end in Verl an internationally known musician a recording studio right has for years operated . Some kid knocking on a blacks door and running away.Look donkeys fords chipie across the road the internet cafe run by black overeactcted.Attacked the Limerick kid all at least 20 of them.Kid arrived out later with his at least 30 friends.The owner of internet cafe says to the white youth i have white blood.One roars back the only thing white about you is your teeth . put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore Dumb dumb dumb . Die Antwoord - `` Cookie Thumper '' ( Official Video ) - YouTube We could have so much more sports medals if our politicians and authorities were not such greedy bastards ... I 'm surprised that on national television they let to be broadcast such a politically incorrect video . A genius , are n't you ? The people who can stop it are the ones who pay their wages . The goal should be to run them the hell out of the country . In all of Vancouver ? Click Here For Video Look at what is happening in sweden .. All schools in Ireland should be segregated . - YouTube Not in Kalispell , but one of my favorite cities ... Friend of mine says it 's spot the white person down London . I moved here so I 'm not `` out of the wood work '' . Alright, I 'll send my pic out only for request in a pm . Predictions have been forecast at around 2060-2090 . I do get my Theirs , theres and they 're , mixed up sometimes but i was educated under Labours rule so i cant be completly to blame . February 1954. ) , and she graduated from the Faculty of Dramatic Arts of the University of Belgrade as an actor . White Power 2508 It looks like White culture , something we have lost down here in Texas . I totally agree with you . Why did you say you were a member of the `` white knights '' when it appears your a member of the knights party ? Erica Its one of the last places you 'd expect this these are two pictures of me , l am a proud Croatian redneck , l drink rakija , eat lamb and get in fights as often as l can and l go to the gym once a week , yihaa !!!!!! Their is much more to that if your hoping for a successful relationship and marriage . Too many whites think they deserve what negroes dish out because of guilt . I am a single parent living with my 11 year old son . Hey, just joined today after being a lurker for a couple of months . Something mysterious must be happening there A former accountant for retailer American Apparel Inc. has filed a wrongful termination suit against the company alleging that he was fired after refusing requests from Chief Executive jew Dov Charney to inflate figures on the company 's balance sheet . Encourage others to report all crimes of Criminal Aliens to this site so that they can get an ongoing tally of the whole blasted scene . Watch how long she keeps her eyes on your eyes , and on you in general , when you just start turning away . No matter that Bulgarians speak similar language as Slavic people , I still don`t find them as Slavic . Some places to look up jobs .. I heard that so many times that the KKK was huge here back in the day . It has been reported for a hour now that weapons have fallen into the hands of the opposition in Ternopil and Lviv after seizing of government installations . Oh and by the way WECOME TO STROMFRONT 100 % WHITE POWER WAR SKINS 2508 Again I would not pay to see this Drug addict perform no matter how could she was a singer . It's sad when the stupid petitions get filled in 2-3 weeks like that one to build the death star . in england the spanish flag is probably kosher to fly without getting your collar felt , any flag in the world would be ok but the jack and st george i've been going through your youtube channel and while i dont have a taste for opera may I say that you have an immaculate ear for music. really enjoyed the hans zimmer piece . And please do n't say the north pole ! I 'm glad that you 're planning on getting out there to do it . I think I stumbled on this thread before and thought I 'd get back to it and forgot . It does n't really mean anything . Lie, lie , lie !!! Pride of race or government . At least not as far as I can tell . To learn more , click here : www.jonasridgeway.com/tech2.html www.spiritual.com.au/astral.html www.astralweb.org www.near-death.com/experiences/cayce01.html www.astralvoyage.com/projection/index.html It would be pretty cool for teachers to tell White kids they go out-of-body every night . How about we watch a short film about working together and chat some more later ? :hide And if you 're around Knights of Columbus or their Roman Catholic brethern , keep a close hold on your young children , particularly the boys . And the dream would become a reality with a PLE ( aka Stormfront of the street ) . I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier ( 34 ) . Its brainwashing starts at school they dont understand they dont know any better . well, the liberals would go ape crazy . Here , he explores whether someone could be made into an amnesiac assassin . YouTube - & #x202a ; Kenya - Hacked to death by panga in front of film crew & #x202c ; & rlm ; Congrats . And they really are quite a frustrated group . That little one is adorable ! A mud is a mud is a mud that 's all there is to it . I know they 're probably out there , but I 've never met a Black IT professional who was n't exclusively in sales . I 'll see if I can find it and I 'll post it . I believe it 's time for Haman to break out his private stash and start sharing with the rest of us . It may be on a small and local scale but I contribute every day . I'm insulted by how stupid the Jews think we are until I see what they see by reading the posts amongst our so-called , `` Awakened Brethren . '' Absolutely. God rest this man 's soul . Yep, her name is Thunderphoenix . Manic street preachers are also red scum and basically every band playing is left-wing/pro-faggot , and many of them are drug using lowlifes . For one thing .. she dyed her hair . If White celebrities had lots of children that 'd set the dangerous example that Whites should n't stop at 1 - 2 . Hups.. hi lily i am not to far from ya i live in olean ny.i am new on this to hope we can become friends . The folks who are O.KBert. with people knowing that they 're online have those lit green dots on the bottom left-hand side of their screen name . That will narrow it down for most folk . Nothing so beautiful in the whole world in fact . Two days , two perps killed . YEA! For example , Wends had Woda ( Odin ) , Balduri ( Baldr ) , Hela ( Hel ) ; Percunatele ( Mother of Perun , from Baltic Mother of Perkunas ) ; we Slovenians had Parkelj ( Krampus ) , Pehta ( Pechtra ) , etc . http://www.geocities.com/ireland_awa...w_design02.jpg Lol I only listened to Bulls on Parade cause it gave me that angry rush I like from music , but now I 'll stop listening to that trash . Wishing a happy New Year to all Slavic brothers and sisters Let 's hope this will be a good year for us with my own experience i have never been looked at as a radical freak.but have been asked by people to see my tattoos.omg they actually admired the art work . ``Weall bleed red '' As do dogs , apes , snakes and rats red blood means nothing but lets compare brain size and accomplishments by race . I live just north of the area you 're talking about , in Manistee County . What will it look like ? And reading the article one gets gets the impression that comp sci departments are desperate and grateful for bodies -- regardless of color -- in their departments . Lodgers ? ) The israeli prime minister says that he thinks this is a part of the growing anti-semitism in europe , but that statement is a part of the growing anti-scandianavism in israel ! They fought for their country and what they believed in . I will endeavour at some point to go back through to where I left off & greet each of our new members by way of a personal message . I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong Five years ago there were zero `` apathetic refugee children '' in Sweden . Hey there Welcome to Stormfront . It is a wonder that no scientist has thought it an amazing resemblance and wanted to do more tests . How are you a White Nationalist when you support the foreign occupation of a white country ? - YouTube I sent out a few more emails the other day and then last night handed out about 25 or so leaflets made up of David Duke 's talk on this and the Duke Lacrosse case that the St. Louis Volksfront donated me . The woman may be attractive to another black . Lass Why dont we just put them in my spot and then drop a few bombs.I am serious they are making fools out of the Irish . That will teach you for wearing a jew cap you great suck up ! It is 85 % Black and latin American . It 's more fun that way , too . I have always enjoyed your posts on other boards . Aw he was going to send the money back to his niglet family in nigeria ... The black candidates proudly show their picture . It's a failure of the irish to do n't have a strong right radical party of their own . I'd say that here on SF , most of the thread derailers are crypto-antis who do n't give hoot about Thor or Jesus . I have never been called a Nazi before . The Legacy of Dr. William Pierce I know Hadding and Will Williams and others are working hard on this project to bring articles written by Dr. Pierce from the printed page to being put online , for all to read . January 29th , 2012 - Whitefish Lake frozen over . Can any Swedish comrades tell me about them ? It warms my heart to see that apparently there 's more than just one pro-White organization in San Diego area planning activities ! Good luck ! http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 0Ljpk ... elated & search = They do it not because of their nationalism but rather due to their hatred of Russians . I looked up the same info eariler this evening and that last line was n't there Edit : and it 's not there now . German Fest !!!!!!! YouTube - Vide Cor Meum Brilliant . I always thought it would be cool if somebody covertly set off a nuke in Kashmir , and then we all could sit back and watch as the Paki 's and Indians nuke the scheiss out of each other . If anyone lives near London , ON . I know what gypises look like in the easten Europe i seen many of them in Lviv Ukraine begging for my food . I suppose it 's their version of SF 's News and Articles forum . These are excellent points , including that detail about shooting a documentary . The one thing the enemy does n't want is a motivated and unifed white world wide network that is both rich in money and ideas . BTW - I do n't recall seeing a Mars Bar in S.A ? Yes he is very sick person with identity crisis who need therapy . Guess it could be . Yes most certainly now you need to recruit more of you friends an such to join Stormfront and help our movement ! www.natall.com I was begininning to feel alone out here in SoCal ! Not many . When it happens to your friends they will come to you for advise , and they will see you were right all along . That lady is short next to everyone else . Wow , hundreds of dollars per day spent in the hacking attacks ??? It'd be nice to know . But i wanted to be friends with them too . The people you surround yourself with are another source of brainwashing . They are out of ideas . i want to meet a single girl in alberta that has the same ideas as me , and wants to meet a 26 y old guy.if your out there let me know . https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t384418 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t291185 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t113191 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t46864 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t101175 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t118865 / https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t142566/ This was a bad move by the Jew puppets . The only people I see the swastika attracting is the social outcast and this is repeatedly seen in each and every demonstration by groups which use it . There was a study a while ago . The Norwegian government should print several million copies of this book and distribute it free of charge to every adult Norwegian . How do you feel about marriages between whites and racially mixed people ? Please stop this nonsense all of you ! When I try and go there I get a `` Bad Request '' HTML page . Another EuroRus update , more video and photos ! [ gvideo ] http://video.google.com/videoplay ? docid = 5268894597794277031 [ /gvideo ] A Fascinating Conversation Between Dr. Alfred Vierling & Dr. Duke ! I know one thing , no white should ever give one nickel or a second thought to Africa for they have repaid good with evil . Hello to all my friends here on the forum . Wow she is beautiful and a WN , I like her seig heil salute we need more women like this , she is very beautiful indeed . There was a thread here somewhere long ago about someone who went to a police station and saw they had it on the wall for public information ; probably the ADL has mailed these to many police stations . I Got 15 Kids & 3 Babydaddys-SOMEONE & #39 ; S GOTTA PAY FOR ME & MY KIDS !!! Why do people still join Militias ? I was away for the weekend that is why I did get around to posting my blood group ( I do n't see why I should bother anyway ) BTW , I am in blood group `` O '' It must be the Mossad or the CIA ... They're coming out of the woodwork to oppose white unity and White History Month . Is that sign like Passop ? danger . Heil , 14/88 My buddy 's boat is anchored beside it . Good to see more Norwegians I was so shocked to see all those blacks when i moved to Holland : S I was reading a news Paper Today and there was a Picture On the Front Page Russian Youth causing the Destruction while Kyrgiz are staring at them I think it has something to do with the type of sugar or where the sugar was originally grown . The yellow ribbon says it all ! Welcome to cape town women . Plus they dress like ladies and not strippers so you are forced to look at their faces and their fake tits and miniskirt . It is now unusual to see White families on telly . I was really excited to come across this site full of like minded people ! ``Policeand SPCA officials found over 50 carcasses of pigs on National Council of Province 's Chairperson Thandi Modise 's Potchefstroom farm , and the remaining 85 resorted to eating the dead bodies and drinking their own urine to survive . Heard about this a while back . As for the ' Oxegen experience ' , watch out that your tent does n't get burnt to the ground , like what happened to many people last year . I will respond until Armenian scum will stop I know that Mississippi is full of blacks but is it really that bad over there that real white folks are trying to move to overpriced liberal ( my assumption ) Britain ? White Watch There is also an entire forum dedicated to this concept as well at the F & F Forum www.folkandfaith.com/invisionboard US & European Alternatives Regards - FNF ! I would think that European nationalist organizations would be easier to create than American nationalist organizations . Hey Blue email or PM me if you want to chat . Shoot me a message . How then do you explain that the first Rus rulers of Kiev and Novgorod had Scandinavian names ? Patrick Cassidy , Vide Cor Meum . I'm actually not sure what the message is on this one , but if you or anyone else can explain it I 'd sure appreciate it . Hungry Horse July 1st , 2011 February 25th , 2012 March 4th , 2012 - C-Falls The white candidates for sheriff do n't show their picture . well hey as a skinhead of the holy war myself you have no need to start a gruop just join up with the out law church of the creator. : attack There are too many wonderful people on here to mention .. you will meet them soon enough . I cant stand this guy and hate it when i meet whites and they say how funny they think he is o.k. take away the anti white jokes for a minute the guy just aint funny at all it just blows my mind how they have some talentless black fool in films but you will never see a untalented white basketball player . Aragorn http://www.passportmagazine.com/33/Sitges.php Too bad , because it 's a beautiful landscape and beaches ... https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... threadid = 54094 I hope to see you around here a little more . looking for proud white female in ohio for friends and maybe more . He has won many awards and has been featured in Tatto magazine . True. Here it is uncensored : White boy gets beat up by 2 blacks while the other blacks cheer . Truly disgusting Note no mention of part four . Three weeks in a house and no one knew he was dead what a sad indictement of modern England . Are they somehow less worthy because they fought for the `` wrong '' side ? 2508 Anyone know where i can buy one .. ? 88 Jab : soldierfn Also : Student , underholdes af faderen ( Student of ... ? ) ^ You ca n't make this stuff up Go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive Asians . I bet quiet a few white 's or black 's in Zimbawee , think `` Ape '' or `` Gorilla '' . `` Gott MIt Uns '' 88 Some Serbian beings are for example : Bauk , Bukavac , Cikavac , Psoglav ( also in Croatia ) , Stuhać , Sreća , Zduhać , etc. ; Poles had Złota Baba , Karzełek , Boginki , Polevik , etc. ; the Russians had many of their own of course ( Ded Moroz was an evil wizard originally , but was transformed into a `` Santa Claus variant '' by Christians ) ; we Slovenians had Kurent , and we still dress the part and celebrate this every year : Some tribes neighbouring Germanic and Baltic tribes even incorporated Germanic and Baltic gods and creatures . This one is within jogging distance : Police Shoot , Kill NY Fugitive In Jax Man Shot Several Times In Hail Of Gunfire POSTED : Friday , February 11 , 2011 JACKSONVILLE , Fla. Czynski ! 5122 I remember my first job was in a window factory and I was one of the few whites working there . The headline brings to mind an old joke ; I have bad news and good news for ya . There was nothing sectarian about my comments . I thought they agreed they wouldn t do the Salem march this year because his parents didn t want the media attention ? This flier addresses three of the goals that I work hard to accomplish . Thanks for that Limerickpit I have put that on my planner no doubt it will be a total destoration of the facts !! ah it is good to here from the father land if you see me on message me I love to talk with someone for Germany Frakkin ' awesome ! Plans for largest mosque in Ireland given go ahead Read more : Plans for largest mosque in Ireland given go ahead | Irish News | IrishCentral Follow us : @IrishCentral on Twitter | IrishCentral on Facebook White, I agree with some of your points but also not with others . And since I 'm not really Sture Allén or Horace Engdahl I ca n't say if it 's in Svenska Akademins Ordlista . Holly Quick , age 16 , brutally raped and murdered by an apelike negro . My uncle recommended SF to me after I told him how fed up I was with the Russian , Polish , African , and especially the Muslim ! i immigrants in England ... Ca n't have that . Lonewolfing mostly . This is another case that just hits you in the stomach hard . Ive heard new zealand was white parasise as well , At this point im just scouting as i have a few years yet till retirement.Hows the cost of living in nz ? : Blacks hate whites . So it 's not enough Professor Ratajczak 's life was destroyed when he was fired , some filthy desert rat from Israel still had to go kill him ? The first two being the one that starts with ; `` When the discussion of race comes up , this one makes tempers flare like no other. * If a White person says they 're against interracial marriage , then that 's racist. * If a person of color says they 're against interracial marriage , then that 's protecting their culture and heritage . '' ? Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 1 - YouTube Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 2 - YouTube Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 3 - YouTube Derren Brown - The Assassin Part 4 Final - YouTube Fun stuff . I would love to ask `` whats to concider ?? '' It's Mein Kampf and no he never said anything about killing every jew on the earth like the jews claim he wanted to do . It does n't matter how you dress up a mud . From the changing of the guard to the changing of the negro . Who is asking you to ? They are turning it into Africa ! I think anyone who wants to give up the Swedish welfare state is an enemy of Sweden and certainly no nationalist . I allways stare at them first with very serious eyes and from long distance . This is the last straw , how much more will damage Europe and Western civilization these Zionists ? This thread was started in July are you feeling better now ? They are in point of fact perpetrating mass murder and the MSM suppresses any and all news on a national level . It appears that once again Ireland has saved Europe and possibly the entire western world . Black hair is fairly common amongst the Irish , whereas black people are n't . LiveLeak.com - Brawl Breaks Out at Hip Hop Awards Nice . Shows what sub human group these negroid belong , the poor horse got an infection from the dirty pervert . I live in Oslo and race-mixing is a huge problem . No the truth 88-----WHITE POWER------WHITE VICTORY------WHITE PRIDE-----88 It 's probably actually a good thing no one fits your standards ; that way no one has to deal with you . Everybody to there own I guess . And the general idea is to pick anyone on the site thats logged in to say hello . I especially like the news stories told un-PC . I suppose this is an unrealistic question because they are every where but where is the whitest place on earth that I can move to . Save this website in your favorites , and spread it around . I have never seen such thing in any other country . Surprisingly , no one has said anything about that . I would be curious to know where in Missouri you can get a house that cheap ??? Look for Don McAlvany 's `` Revolution and Betrayal '' The terrorist-pig was caught red-handed with tens of thousands of grenades and anti-personnel mines . ( And to all you hudeksem , you know I 'm pulling your dicks ... ) But had n't been able to reply until now . Some day 's . If there is a positive to come out of this it 's that both communities will now realise that they are not that different after all compared to whats coming in . This is a good one . I think character and social behavior are the most important , and having blond hair and blue eyes are not going to gaurantee these qualities . Young white people are doing it more then ever , it 's just that those bloody clinics are getting better at what they do . Sometimes we just have to feel sorry for the wrongs of our ancestors or else we continue to mess up like they did . They aught be ashamed of themselves for covering up or downplaying the story about these predators . Unfortunately , she starred in some partisan films ... I've always said that black people make the perfect slaves because anyone who cannot or will not take responsibility and be master of their own lives is already a slave . There are n't any towns down here that are as clean and well kept as Kalispell . http://forum.skadi.net/favorite _ slav ... ight = armenians Last Seen : 1 Week Ago Join Date : Feb 2005 Tribe : Russian Subrace : Turanid Location : Saint-Petersburg Gender : Male Politics : Lappoid collectivist Religion : non-religious Banner : Golden Eagle Posts : 2,401 Reputation : 1366 Reputation Power : 2 You may want to cut down on the milk too if you watch this . How 's Balt . No one was eating cow dung when the Whites ran it and it was called Rhodesia . Anyone like to meet for a drink - I 'd love to say hello ! ( pm me or reply here ) To be honest .. it frightens the living hell outta me . Does anyone have a link to download of this book in English ? The OP has gone to sunnier climes for a couple of weeks so I 'll close this now and explain to him on his return .... sounds like your trying to give her your life story when you first meet , that will come in time , just have fun man That 's it ? Though I can see it happening someday soon by the state of the rest of the UK . I never attacked you and i am not your son plus i dont care what you done.P M if you have a problem Driving Virtual Adventure ! And that goes for Eastern Europeans and Asians as well . nothing about white genocide is acceptable especially the fact that the mainstream media essentially denies it exist in the first place . Breaks the heart ... But I bet They knew exactly why to let it appear on television , only to create a bigger tension between the gypsies and the czechs . I got a pm from him too that was very strange . NOR: Immortal , Gorgoroth , Ancient , Emperor , Einherjer , Thorns SWE : Naglfar , Bathory , Setherial , Dawn , In Aeternum , Sacramentum FIN : Impaled Nazarene , Argath , Demon Child never liked Darkthrone or Burzum ( interesting story there .. It was probably written by a 15 year old . - Pioneer Little Europe ( PLE ) Didnt anybody teach you ? I live for the day that some genetic lottery winner is dumb enough to call me a peasant . Do non Whites really think they measure up to Whites ? Wow, in just two hours you found your white knight . This used to be my home town and was a common site , unfortunately . No . I appreciate it ... thanx . Alaska looks like a pretty good place to live - but then anywhere with lots of snow always looks good to me Norhat ( Norway ) - Metal/Oi ! Just start your own crew and start advertising it in your flyers or whatever if you are atcually active you should email me I 'm trying to set up a network of all the serious white nationalists across Canada . I've been out all day today and I have n't seen a single one of ' em . No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress . Why must we have a favorite . www.natvan.com I guess they just really wanted to make sure the lies sunk in . Are the inhabitants of this village perhaps not ethnic Georgians ? God Bless The most common definition of Racist is Someone with White Skin . It makes me so damn angry that the swedes ca n't see it !!! I guess us whites who tan for most of the year stop being whites save for a few winter days , eh ? - Skinheads Against Racial Prejudice - Skinheadsi protiv rasne diskriminacije - arpovci - Debili . 1/2 messican , 1/2 White babies can often pass for White until they turn six or seven when the golden brown coating covers all . We should just isolate them so those mutated monkeys can completely whipe each other out . Sorry to hear about this attack on your girlfriend and I hope she makes a complete recovery . Such a shame that a beautiful city with such a superb setting is being ruined ! I am a fan of the German rock band Rammstein . good luck NoRemorseNoRegrets , hopefully its good news about your job and lets hope you dont become another figure in a stat ! Happy Holidays From Discover Kalispell - YouTube Christmas Lights in Kalispell , MT - YouTube Christmas Lights in Kalispell , MT - YouTube Christmas Music Kalispell Mt - YouTube I'm looking to study at a college in South Africa later in my life . Of course the county is lovely , in facts its gods country in our book BUT the cities are rat infested with enrichers , just how the country is isnt it . - YouTube short version-bad rock canyon - YouTube Strange that you cant visit it anymore . Both of them died at the scene , authorities said . `` http://www.suntimes.com/news/24-7/15 ... 041809.article By their names obvisously white . You are welcome to grab on if you like ! Well, being a British nationalist is being a white nationalist seeing as the British are a nation of whites . I moved here because I am going to Germany in September and wanted to see my family before I left . Take one of the scandinavian flags , and change the color from blue and yellow ( Sweden as an example ) and turn it to green and yellow. lol , it might be decent - I always loved that scene ! Click on the audio player at the link below . It made me sick looking at all the Blacks and Asians . When I started learning about Hitler in school and I was possessed with trying to find out if I was Aryan . Officials are puzzled as to the cause . I 'm 24 yrs old and live in MN . i've felt anger when i 've read it on forum , but we have to do our part and speaking at loud voice this fact , because , for example , i 'm from europe and this fact is not pased on tv news or in the news paper ... knows your enemies is the first pass for vicory on them ! Your tread had been moved who knows where , mine is closed so we must trespass on the hospitality of the Slavic . YouTube - Original Romper Stomper Soundtrack - The Smack Song Irish are white not black its a fact vote S F. YouTube - Romper Stomper - Fourth reich fighting men No I was asking for a link for were it says their banning the celtic cross , but thanks for the link i 'll check it out . Thanks for posting . The muslims have ultra strict racialist private schools the world over ; why do n't whites ? Did you note all the info on Israel ? I know a non white who got 5 A 's and 4 B 's but he robably cheated 2508 im with you here I see it day in day out like everyone else its easy to sit back and watch but together we are strong and its good to be with like minded people -------------- > An average Modern Greek without special education can understand 80 % of the original text of the New Testament written in Hellenistic Greek approximately two thousand years ago . It 's nothing but a bunch of mexicans . Yeah you can count on it , there will be lot of people on the streets that day protesting against this jew government what we have here . Go to the Downunder section to read up on the news on how Arabs got their asses kicked and even the police were running away in fear . Put the mudraces in their own countries , build a fence around them and wait a decade or two , and soon they 'll be back to the state we found them in , with their numbers decimated by their diseases and wars . If ya wanna talk just PM me . The small Janj River The Una River by Novi Grad The Tara River in Republic of Srpska The Sava River near the town of Srpski Brod Vrbas river The Lake of Nevesinje The Neretva River in Republic of Srpska Izvor Sipovo hey, im from manhattan. its really rough havin beliefs like us and living in a city like new york. if anybody would like to meet or talk to a white nationalist , neo-confederate , klansman , teenager from manhattan , just email me sk8terxxl@aol.com Msciwoj Shows some interesting statistics about the jew rats ... I dont doubt what your saying about the BNP and i hope they do well . They are so busy with their own causes that they do n't see the storm that is brewing on the horizon . No bob , i saw it 20 odd years ago on a animal rights stall in london it stuck in my mind . We have been keeping up with weekly get togethers with a group of pro white like minded people and would like to continue to grow the group. we usually do dinner on the weekends to keep people close . We 'll win that way ...... LOL Wait there is going to be anti-white people in Euro 2012 ? Company recalls Chinese ginger candy because it 's also flavored with lead | candy , ginger , company - Top Stories - Asians put lead in ginger flavored candy . I guess these blind idiots overlooked the NFL and NBA , If they do n't like it why do n't they just leave , No one will miss them . I 'm sure I 'm not missing much . Those pictures hit home for me , and some of those comments on that page are overwhelmingly ignorant . Maybe they will be resettled deliberately as refugees or maybe they will come for the women like the chinese men are doing . Thanks for posting , made my day And I guess there 's nothing wrong in it . Been a nationalist for ages so a few days ago i decided to pull me finger out and sign up . Taras Bulba ( 2009 ) ( English subtitles ) . It 's a pleasure to make your acquaintance Madam . By race or appearance ? This time , the charges are assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature and strong armed robbery in connection with the assault on Rose Powell. ( more ... ) https : //www.facebook.com/pages/Boyco ... 85159441543213 Worthwhile Canadian Initiative : Dumb men commercials err ... why not dumb black men , dumb black women , dumb Asians ? 2056 Beeline TV - Watch Online TV - Free Internet TV - Live TV Channels This has got a number of Japanese TV links for streaming . I see where you are coming from . I can do server audits remotely without being on-site . Zionists want to maintain the racial diversity in the West . Here is a link to Philippe Rushton 's review of Vanhanen and Lynn 's IQ and the Wealth of Nations : http://www.ssc.uwo.ca/psychology/fac ... /L & Vreview.pdf Nigdy nie spotkalem zadnego w Londynie . I had another picture on here at one point , with my old account , but it must be in the old thread . I hear that McDonalds is coming to their aid . ... ) A lot of it could be mostly blacks with Hispanics though . Im looking for a good Aryan white male in or around the central jersey or surrounding area or some new friends from all around INTJ Introvert ( 78 % ) iNtuitive ( 38 % ) iNtuitive Thinking ( 100 % ) Judging ( 56 % ) I find the descriptions of they give to be fairly accurate regarding myself . Never buy from stores that hire minorities over whites if at all possible . Even if that someone openly uses their own name . Why do people care about football ? Please quote me where I 've implied or have said that . If the Orthodox Churches had mobilized against the Reds they could have been smashed in their cradle . We have a little piece of legislation called the Prohibition of Foreign Military Assistance Act This prohibits mercs from operating in South Africa. on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail . Hello, I joined Stormfront today and I am pleased to be here . Hi its great to hear from all of u . I heard about it is it about that white guy that killed that race traitor slut and her nig nog boyfriend ? Humans and negroes use restaurants in entirely different ways . Long time no post , Turbo , good to see you back . Shame on those white Germans to be born to like their own race the most . I 'm going to carefully study it so hopefully I 'll have some decent input to contribute . My brother said the chant 3 times also .. hello to all ! Raise those children to not be race traitors and instill good values in them . There is no way you are taking our ancestral homelands from us ever ! Then what ? South Africa has returned to the Stone Age in 20 years . I joined under another name way back in 2003 when SF Britain was a single page , i miss those early days the banter and comradeship was fantastic I live on Long Island , need to get a new drivers license , but when I do , Im up for travelling . Most of my food is meat and produce . I had actualy written th epost for last summer but had to cancel my trip ... so it is 2005 !!! ok every body cool ? * L * Shann 2508 Some Natives were driving around in a truck a few years ago . An Irish prison is like a luxury hotel where they come and thats even if they get sent to prison and thats if they get do n't flee the country and thats if they get caught doing the crime ... so crime does pay in Ireland . Maybe it could be used as some sort of gathering spot for WN . Why does Stormfront not have a section for this type of thing . I see a nation where I can walk out my front door and not feel like a minority in my own country . The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood . At the beginning of the movie they show that huge group mating scene where they line up the men and women . How many are there ? The agency that designed that advert is calle ' milmilk `` milk = leche in Spanish , and '' milleches `` is how the street dogs that are a mixed of different races are called in spanish . When do they ever learn !!!! So now Stormfront Ireland is solely responsible for all racist attacks in Ireland. lol Ted is right this is the work of the Kikes those * * * * ers are never happy . Back to where ya came from ! You picked a poor time to start such a thread seeing as how just this week the IRA were categorically cleared of all paramilitary/terrorist/illegal activity . Good thing we do not buy that stuff . Beautiful ship ! One day a beanpole kinda looking Black man came in and said : `` I 'm looking for the lawyer referral service , dot , dot , dot . '' How do you add those signatures too your posts beneath what you 've written surely you dont copy and paste everytime ? . BULL****! Thank you and this is video I 've made for all of us after I made those for each ethnics : Sons of Europe - Legacy - YouTube Only Unity It is interesting to note that all of the men in the video were dressed like those Moussed distributed pamphlets that popped up a few weeks ago when the revolution was really getting into the swing . The only thing more disgusting than a White woman with a groid is a White woman who drags her White child into the filth with her . This family that wants to complain about gays should come to San Francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in San Francisco openly blasphemied Christ with their parody of ' The Last Supper `` as their poster for their last event . Six years old , our granddaughter came home from school today and announced `` I 'M A MUSLIM ! '' Perhaps you would like to comment on the link below ? I am not Ukrainian but the Ukraine nationalists and right wing should understand that our white race in all nations in Europe North America Australia and South Africa along with any other white nations should support each other and join together against the Marxist multiculturistic agenda that 's invading every white nation and start to over through the powers to be that is responsible for this genocide and start considering deportation of non whites in white nations ! I've tried to meet for coffee with a few people but everybody is really spread out , it 's tough to find the time to go out and meet like minded people . Thank you so much for the PLE link ! This is a petition in opposition to the banning of Golden Dawn . Cheers brothers Russia & Serbia 4ever !! A full version of The Lightning and the Sun ! and jewish. he 's a member of the jewish community that come here at the turn of the century . I was sure that they were lying about the numbers and it 's must be the same in every country IMO . For the vast majority of Romanians , gays simply do n't exist , except on TV . Racist woman rant in London part 1 - YouTube ORIGINAL Racist Black Girls Fighting , South London Railway Balham to Mitcham 18.11.2011 - YouTube Maybe it 's about time for groups of white people to renounce their citizenship . There is more hope in Austria than normal Greece but I know one guy from it so I can post the news on Monday . When I first saw this advertised it cracked me up , the fact that the white kid was made to look like an antagonist also just added to the laughs I live near Battle Ground , WA and Vancouver , WA Seems like more wiggers and minority supporters around town , standing for leftist B.S. Would n't mind knowing some people out here again . Race-consciousness and the determination to preserve our own is part of our nature , being in essence a defining feature of the Aryan spirit . The cover art for this textbook made me laugh HARD , when I first saw it . Excellent Korefan ! YouTube - White family beaten by mob of blacks YouTube - Black gang in Des Moines , Iowa chants `` It 's Beat Whitey Night '' as they assault white people YouTube - Black Man Punches Blind White Woman On Bus I am thinking to create a thread dedicated to crimes commited by immigrants . 123 - BG 456 - MK 78 - BG 910 - MK 6 errors from 10 , as you see is same like before , average answares are 5 / 5 , 1 less or more do n't change it . - YouTube Magyar Királyi Honvédség - Holding Out For A Hero / Egy h Wehrmacht , SS and Hungarian Troops - 1944 , Carpathian Front ( HQ ) , 2.1 . They are moving the town of Church 's Falls . dont know i dont visit it yes grammer is really horrible i hope i will be able to speak english in few years It 's pretty old , but I have n't seen it in this thread . They will continue to be a source of cheap labor if they do n't find a sense of pride and use their labor to strengthen their own nations . Now i just dont know what to do or think anymore . Terrible Tommy coming to Limerick.He will get in for a short holiday with a few lone wolves.He wants to go to King johns castle and see the town.Attachment 78266 Let alone 6 of them . Its made to make fun out of Nazi 's , showing that only small children belief fairy tales of Hitler Rusya is typical Hutsul 's girl . I wonder if I should jackhammer a vault into my foundation ? Don't eat a Snickers candy bar ... it will turn you into a negro ! ( Also has the obligatory White doofus guy at the end. ) Yeah, the map is not the territory . I heard about the romanian gypsies that were on the roundabout in ballymun last year ... 400 of them will be coming back to Ireland and given houses ! I would like to talk to you . When i first joined up i was shocked at how ( no offence ) elderly some of the people who post here are . That was me . http://www.nationalvanguard.org/story.php ? id = 8958 I enjoy when a Brit comes in and tells Bulgarians everything they need to know about themselves . Me and Pawel . I think George Romero started the whole black hero in horror movies genre . I dont think we would get their $ I just got a car , but there is no way I will feel safe enough to drive from the North all the way down , ( I 'm not used to it 's gears yet and wo n't actually be able to drive it on the road till next week ) and the petrol will surely cost even more than public transport ? They should make all know about this book his friends as that they know like are the things , we need that all the whites know like they are the things and the Jewish threat and negroid on our race . Many alcoholics can fall into `` zapoy '' and drink up to 5-7 liters of `` palenka '' during the daylight time , only drinking water and some old bread as their `` zakus` '' , but it escapes me , how they show their extreme europeoid genotype by doing all of this . Thanks It may not seem like much but just puting one of those leaflets up on a noticeboard gets a lot of people talking . That literally hurt my brain and made me laugh while I was reading it , it 's so ridiculous that you really ca n't do anything else . Over and over , you hear about home-schooled kids beating out public school kids for spelling bees . I was beaten and robbed by two natives last year and over the last couple of years I have watched downtown turn into black , brown and yellow town. the food court at Portage place has started to remind me of the creature cantina from star wars . That is approximately 3 non-Whites living in a 1218 square mile area . If this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in India ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor . Welcome to the forum . I would like to thank Theodoric for the very nice Stormfront banner he put up regarding these murders and this distribution . hey i live right outside orlando pm me for my phone number not alot of skins like it was in the 80 's but i would be glad to meet others Her eyes and nose and skin tone give it away . I seen two blacks in a whole week . Having recently traveled to London I was disgusted by how non-white the city had become . I would like to help out on this project . Thank Odin they do n't try to come in the modern day . Janet Yellen - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia I was really worried about this one because I thought a bunch of groids were going to hop out of the cars signifying the town to get so excited and the women to remove clothing .... And for those who would like to participate in a thread that 's a spin off of this one , here 's the link : https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t204965/ I 'm getting ready to head out to move in with my SF romance in a couple of days . There are some women who are strong willed women and yet remain good mothers and wives . Sardines and anchovies , for example , are basically 100 % safe . Little did the perpetrators know that I actually lived in the same block , and got a surprise when I knocked on their door and the guy who answered got a full bucket of water in the face , followed by the bucket itself ! For some strange reason they all looked at me as if I had said something offensive when it was just simple logic . I went to a talk about this at Georgetown University last week . ZOG is getting rid of every White-dominated area in the world . Some of us are buying up houses and lots in a small town in ND and we own a decent percentage of it . Full Story http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/mar...uring-traffic/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/apr...ion-of-return/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/apr...-us-officials/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2006/apr...ted-on-murder/http://www.abqtrib.com/news/2007/aug ... -astorga-case/ All the jews I have ever known will do anything for money , and all I can say is there are no good jews Yes! hatred of the English is very real and it 's not going to get better any time soon . Look who her partner was : Steve Hamilton I'll put money on it Amy this is the photo the females hate you are a stunning girl do n't let no1 drag you down . Anyone remember an old greyhound track ( since been closed ) in London called ' White City ' ? And is it really too much to ask of you people to shut up about Christianity and Paganism and stick to the subject at hand ??? This is a good answer , and I 'd like to hear your thoughts on the black music , likable black guy scenarios . my kids want to hang around and bring a couple of nigs into the house .if i do.some members of my family will blank me.if i dont allow it. the kids themselves will blank me for a while , so either way i cant win How about sticking the word hate on the police report and get the sentence quadrupled ? Living expenses in Stockholm are very high and some poor Swedes and other Whites have no choice but to live in non-white suburbs . [ COLOR = `` Red '' ] FOREVER WHITE AND PROUD TON Perfectly normal and WHITE names Next try : Leida f Kulla m Alma f Ege m Ärta f Epp m Endla f Arno m Tiiu f Ikevald m Piibe f Reet m Rünno m Does Ikevald have any meaning ? Start at 21 : 30 Hulu - Celebrity Close Calls : Ice-T , Cheryl Tiegs , Ed Begley Jr. & Yancy Butler - Watch the full episode now . Does this not show how stupid these folks can be ? Take everything with a grain of salt for the wolves come in sheep clothing , your heart will know what is right . Idiots are in every country And I do n't said that all Croats are idiots . You could be 500 feet offshore and still only be knee deep in water . - A Memphis teen is behind bars , charged with kidnapping and raping a 15 year old girl . That it will !! Tight as in do n't be a tramp ? Marte Williams , 41 , was taken into custody Sunday after authorities said he was caught trespassing at Paulus Hook Towers , the apartment complex where the bodies of 27-year-old Jacqueline Reyes and her 9-month-old son Ivan Reyes Jr. were found Tuesday morning . You gotta surprise them ' else they get away . The seeds and farming equipment was never used . And changing a word or phrase to something that seems less confrontational does nothing to help those of us that are victims of anti-whites . With Black girls it takes a baseball bat - who carries a mu-ff' in baseball bat on a date ?? Exactly. It works both ways . http://www.news4jax.com/news/21589330/detail.html All rapes are disgusting , but raping a FIVE year old ??? [ UPDATED : ] Bessie Whyman , OC Homicide No. 3 : 84-Year-Old Robbed , Tortured and Murdered - Orange County News - Navel Gazing That Ca n't be good !! YouTube - & #x202a ; Bettie Page - Teaser Girl in High Heels & #x202c ; & rlm ; To me she is beautiful . Let 's keep fights under one roof over there and keep this one fight free . Hi, i am just looking for whitepride men in the western canada area particularly BC just to talk to hangout or whatever . I cant say I have ever saw a C in A on any products I have looked at . They seem to be a fake window trying to get you to go to a hook up site . Only a f' n jew would have the nerve to hide away in a black country , a fugitive from US law , while making campaign promises at the same time as suing the company he defrauded . Has anyone picked up the wording in the one commercial for ITT TECH . Definitely an act of Genocide . They should be forced to wear the hijab to show that they are different from us . I have a flyer at home that has the symbols to look for so once I return home I can get that info out 2 you . These people who want foreign aid increased are the same people who walk past irish people living rough on the streets and they do n't care about the old people who the government ignores . wonder what anyone thinks of this for a logo , gaelic guard , garda gaelach Green for Ireland , four stars for the four provinces , on a white field for obvious reasons 2508 How was that even happened ? I read where they came in and killed all the livestock and had a feast , then 6 months later were starving . When it comes to black jack the Chinese have no problem with the dealer showing a 4 , they 'll even split a pair of fours funny huh Why on earth are the swedish parents letting their Kids grow up in an ethnic school ! ignorant racist black lady wants free water.flv - YouTube Black guy goes crazy at popeye & #39 ; s - YouTube OLD RACIST BLACK LADY CURSING OUT WHITE FOLKS ON TRAIN ! I for one plan to hang the last jew with the guts of the last capitalist . Just curious . Police say 19-year old Tyrus Shields threatened the victim with a knife on October 21st , then assaulted the girl twice . But there are places that go as deep as 150 feet . They are no better than their daughters , they should have disowned them instead of parading a kid around town that looks nothing like them . Will you all let me know a good couple of months ahead of time so I can sell my house , most of my stuff and go hide in the woods ? Works for me . It is the spiritual awakening as I says stupid ! Racist attack on tv show south africa BBC - YouTube Welcome to the fight . Nationalists Attend Rally For Life 2013 - YouTube Myself unfortunately I was never there , but my friend goes every year and she says it is great . When I first saw that movie and first saw her I was actually disgusted . want someone who will be a friend and a girlfriend and that will like me for me and not walk all over me . i like the outdoors , camping , hiking , movies. my fav. color is white and like country music and i also like tattoos . I have to wonder exactly how far the indoctrination is going these days for such a hateful and sickening reaction to a free mind . Oh the irony .... C Cheers to all my WHITE BROTHERS AND SISTERS . We should at least try to better educate them then , and they should at least want to learn more of the ideology . I wonder how they 'll paint them up plus the 1million or more illegals who are working in the service industry living in their bosses ' cupboards . What are the odds that flags will be ordered at half staff for this communist Negro terrorist , in the United States ? Michael Paul Astorga Astorga is set to go on trial around the beginning of the year and the DA is seeking the death penalty . All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania , you fake ukrainians . Will be able to elect our own mayor soon . Larger fish eat smaller fish and with each step of ' the big eating small , ' as you go up the chain , any mercury becomes more concentrated , thus the larger the fish , the more chance they will have some mercury in them . Dublin has had it ! The boy had scars and burn marks from head to toe . Not only did he not sell a car he ended up in court and 500euro lighter in the pocket from his latest meeting with a Negro . Here is her Wiki ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhItDmRiULg one Croatian neo-pagan/slavic song for ya folks , hope you like it ... Just saying . The Jew represents the snake . I would also die for the chance for our people to have a living space . If anybody can email me and let me know how I can get involved please let me know : therealfixxx@hotmail.com I was born in New york city , Im 26 and I did four years in the marines so I have alot to talk about . She is not white . `` Hunter '' sounds good too . Has anyone else heard this . Id say thats an example of Upper class looking down on the lower . I stayed in Ballina and saw almost no foreigners at all . Sorry , I just do n't buy it . I wonder if they 'll do the same with the juden ? Know `` mera '' ! j A friend of mine had a new car and brought it to jiffy lube and they forgot to put oil in it . I only clicked on the article hoping it was I white baby and as usual I was disappointed . Millions of them coming over will push our already-struggling infrastructure past breaking point . Slope County , ND Races in Slope County : White Non-Hispanic ( 99.6 % ) County Population : 767 Land area : 1217.9 sq. mi. This makes the Mud Index 0.003 . In Dallas At least the Germans in these movies dont speak English with an American accent like in the old WW2 movies . This morning I found a video that was quite interesting , as it demonstrated how this question frequently comes up even after serious crimes . If lies were money he would be the richest negro in the world Ya know , if they can sell this stuff to White women , what CAN' T they sell them ? They could literally spread dog poop on a bun and charge $ 10 a sandwich ... I ca n't wait to see the commercials and watch some beauty like Sandra Bullock sink her teeth into it !! In this board is allowed to discuss , not to insult . Is n't the EU wonderful ? Try this link here . If so , email me or PM me . He s a cool dude !! You 're beautiful ! Richland County deputies say Cason killed his estranged wife , 38-year-old Letitia Cason , at an apartment on Smallwood Road in Northeast Richland County Deputies : Murder Suspect Shoots at Officers , is Taken Into Custody wltx.com | Columbia , SC News , Weather and Sports | Greetings all . Something tells me that you 're sitting in the wrong section of the Stormfront bus . Rampage Productions Welcome to the Blood and Honour Forum That's interesting , your cryptic comment has made my mind boggle , I wonder what you mean ? . Peter, it is no suprise that you were the first to make a comment on this thread . Thank you , C _ R. YouTube - & #x202a ; Walmart Greeter Beatdown ( Caught on Tape ) & #x202c ; & rlm ; Randy Blazak is an `` expert '' all right--he teaches `` Sociology of Star Trek '' --a credited class students actually pay for . Where can whites get in line for a house ? I grew up in a neighborhood called Transcona it was always white until the last 15 20 years . Or running to a mod seems to work for others when feelings are hurt . - YouTube Magyar hadsereg bevonulása erdélybe Kolozsvári dísszemle 1940 Hungarian amry in Transylvania - YouTube 1941 Hungarian troops enter the Ukraine - YouTube My Great Grandfather fought in the Hungarian Army during WW2 . It 's massive . Turns out Ms. Whigger has an arrest warrent out for not showing up for court for traffic violations according to the Kalispell Police Dept .... The booze thing should n't be a big deal . I do n't think we want to throw them under a bus but they certainly are stealing our livelihoods and forcing up our rents and house prices . Click the little button that has a head with him speaking next to the `` edit '' button in your post . Ethnic crime never ends it seems . Blut und Ehre ! www.resist.com Ukraine needs to rid itself of these Jewish Oligarchs . Anybody with half a brain knows that 's it 's BS and how Negroes have n't done anything for the development of any society , let alone Europe . Thank you for the info. i will deffinetly look into them . This girl is White . I had no idea where Mississauga was , other than in Canada , so I decided to look it up . All of these events would have made great TV . Thank you for your support and thank you for everything else !! Did you know that chef Jamie Oliver , the Essex boy is part black ? I have and always will fly my rebel flag in my front yard for all to see.I also have it on my truck . The worst thing about the present immigration is that it 's spread all over the country . Explain to them this is wrong. send mass emails explaining the science behind it , and tell everyone not to breed with them . What I am saying is we need a homeland the western half of Canada could do for the start but I also agree Europe needs to saved as well but we have to secure a homeland here first before we could change anything on a global level . I was amazed how young and skinny those cadets were ! I hope people are taking advantage of the above . Asmodean Years ago I worked at a highrise building downtown , and the local bar association was one of the tenants there giving free legal advice . How can a country that sits on some of the best coal in the region experience coal shortage ? Scum . What causes Cholera in the first place ?? id like kids eventually. but not now. as for your sterlization. that is great. there really is no use for ppl to produce kids if they are wackos. being a nutjob is herditary . Why do the Swedes hide their best looking females ? They said that they chose that name because they are proud of the crossbreeding http://www.scpf.com/ Hi, my name is Chris and I want to thank the English nation for being the people most responsible for the creation of the USA and Canada . Why would they let blacks live ? If I knew that it would be used for what I sent it for then I would not have a problem giving money but trust is the main key there . Never ever do our groceries look like this . WeisserSturm-why u want to kick greeks ? u have too much nationalistic minds ? then why u live in USA ? Well we must send money so you can arm yourselves . I was wondering if anyone else was having trouble accessing www.ireland-awake.tk ? i click the click and all that comes up is a DotTK registration page Anyone help ? We are not a criminal organization and there is no place for criminals in the klan . POV - The Fire Next Time | PBS I think it 's time for some old west justice ... like takin ' these two sombitches out and ..... well , I think you get my point ..... I guess 3 times is the magic number .. then they think they get their asses handed to them .. same with bloody Mary also . It 's mind boggling to me , I mean they just cut it off and run off with it in their hands ? No , I 'm NOT kidding ..... Residents against racism has organised a march or demonstration ( whatever ) to keep these killers in ireland and bring in more . Arnold Rüütel , forseta Eistlands , segir þjóð sína afar þakkláta Íslendingum fyrir að hafa haft hugrekki til að viðurkenna sjálfstæði Eistlands fyrstir ríkja í ágúst 1991 á meðan önnur ríki heims þögðu . Projects from 1800s early 1900s Project of the State Duma ( Contest of 1905-1906 ) , by Vladimir Vasilyevich Suslov ( July 25 , 1857 August 1921 ; Владимир Васильевич Суслов ) Country House Church , by M. Kuzmin Country House Project of Tsar 's Pavillion in Polytechnic Fair in Moscow , 1872 , by Dmitry Nikolaevich Chichagov ( September 3 , 1835 July 4 , 1894 ; Дмитрий Николаевич Чичагов ) ? Hey, do you think we are going to get into a fight between European countries about who all are going to get those Guantanamo prisoners ? My translation offer stands . I 'd have no way to keep the van air conditioned at a restaurant . This is an absolute disgrace , they think they are entitled to everything on a plate and that is out of order . Saga ( Sweden ?? ) - Various Ultima Thule ( Sweden ) - Various There are plenty of other bands . And I would add to that one of the distinctive features of malls are the food courts where we can witness Americans and their eating disorders on display . My life has taken an incredible turn since I last posted in this thread . I think the most sickening part of this mess is that there will be no closure but instead a dead dog being dragged around infecting people . It 's for everyones protection here . Just as soon as they repay for the generations of welfare their majestic peoples have consumed . These figures show that no one now could just talk about the need to restrict non-white immigration ( as the current government does ) ; large-scale repatriation of non-whites is absolutely essential . I think you all got your way , and they closed down the German minority in Upper Silesia thread under Activism and Politics in Europe . My * specialty * is network security . Quit whining about it and go find a beautiful white girl to have babies with . All of that is collateral damage of the great white genocide and we 're paying the price in many forms : our people loose unity , turn to alcohol or loneliness , stress and being unhappy etc .. Blue Bell ice cream has one showing five kids one black playing in the fields and barn . We are so excited about this baby . There 's sugar in the bowl and lemon on the side . RIP Germany YouTube - & #x202a ; Pierre Vogel und Bilal Philips in Frankfurt ( RTL NEWS ) Deutschland & #x202c ; & rlm ; 1 lone German woman standing up YouTube - & #x202a ; Female Protester Disrupts Muslim Radicals Rallying in Frankfurt , Germany & #x202c ; & rlm ; Wasn't it the Government in the Congo that was at war with the gorillas a while back because the gorillas were `` threatening their superiority '' ? Stupid White Man TV Commercials Just last month , in fact , he was charged with criminal domestic violence . The picture in my sig is a Mennonite farm in Creston .. just a couple miles from where I am typing this . It would be funny.Even more so if one of them discovered that a Great Grand Father had been in the KKK. ! Will there be similar events in the not-too-distant future ? - YouTube 14 As a 28 Year Old Straight White Nationalist Male , nothing turns me on more as a White Woman who is Powerful or successful in the buisiness world or Just as powerful in her own beliefs .. I 'm studying here . If they 're not related , they 're not all Slavs . Yeah, I saw that ad on TV with the Asian guy and the white girl and it bothered me . It was very nice meeting all of you for lunch . First time this year that I have seen this area hotter than Lakeland , Florida . And yet they attacked the SDL for attempting to publicly mourn the violent death of a white man racially murdered by two paki men ! Not just encouraging but actuallly paying them bonuses .... so a black managers in state service gets his bonus determined on how few white employees he has Jeffrey McAdam was fatally shot at a rest stop along Interstate 80 in Iowa County . Thank you ... i hope thay you all injojed in last passed football match Croatia-England ... we wasnt so much amused by losing the match ... Im sure they all hear great things about Ireland and there more than welcome to come over here ... http://ifamericaknew.org/ Some nice pictures and videos too . I feel sorry for whites living in Southern California . Hi everybody , I 'm a swiss man living in zuerich , I really like Russia , russian People , russian culture .. all from Russia !!! What city do you live in ? Just got turned on to a website from a friend of mine . welcome to stormfront first of all , secondly if your political party is only for scotland maybe you should put this in SFGB . An example of muslim colonisation : in some schools we do n't celebrate Christmas anymore to respect the many islamic pupils ! Christmas is a part of OUR TRADITION , of OUR RELIGION !!!! Los Angeles is gone . This is really not European news , but everybody should know that after years of Lebanese and other arabs intimmidating white women on Cronulla beach and after the cowardly attack on two white life-savers ( !! ) the Lebanese got theirs yesterday . Look forward to seeing you all again Ginger candy is sold on the internet as a relief of pregnant women 's `` morning sickness '' symptoms . So there white and there against racism or they like monorities against whites ? As i say iam active in another party and their meeting was where i live so i thought i would turn up . Its got to be a quote from someone . Seriously now , best of luck ! 88 Crissy Surprisingly , I saw that a couple times during the winter . No, lets stay scattered across the earth and try to change every racially unaware white across the earth ... And if Rose Powell has anything to do with it , they 'll stay there for a long time . People sticking up for white men . Welcome to Stormfront Ireland Ive seen the numbers at the bottom of a lot of posts , its just some kind of moderators code . Watching and reading between the lines of the libtard media over the past few days , I think they are very nervous indeed . About 8 years ago , I scored much higher on other types of tests . But remember , lots of people I hear say that their parents would kick off if their brought back a non-white home to introduce him/her as their partner . I must just say before this thread possibly dies that I have great fear that without action the cause will die along with the rise of multiculturatism I'm curious ( but doubtful ) ; is there anyone here who 's expressed SUPPORT for Nordic superiority that is not Nordic himself ? evening all , i 've lurkin around for some time reading threads , etc . Here are the only ones I have ever seen Taras.Bulba. [ 1962 ] - YouTube Wow , there is a re-make of Taras Bulba . I could n't imagine living in those conditions with drugs and filthy negros everywhere . Immigrants will go to White countries for other reasons than just economics . Hahahhah the amount of whites in my town has gone up and all other minorities have gone down ! Somehow, it is not hard for me to imagine you fighting off an entire police force , you certainly sound mean enough . In order to publish someone 's name openly on a SF Forum you will need their permission first . In this case it is very possible and good for you anyways . However , after visiting a few intj specific forums I 'm much less enthusiastic regarding this personality type business . Good news is that census reports suggest whites are still the least likely to race mix . Race Mixing is and has been a huge problem for of kin for many many years , how on earth are you supposed to protect women who think its ok in the first place ? Next the beautiful blonde white mother , grandmother , the 5 kids and an adult black male are sitting around the picnic table . If we can turn immigration around and double the amount of babies we are having plus cut welfare to illegals we will win . They are shipping 15,000 Mc Turdos with fresh flies on the side . Welcome to Stormfront , Eldritch ! They do not want an anti-Islamic uprising that results in the expulsion of Muslims . Rüütel talaði um hve erfiðir tímar hefðu verið þegar sjálfstæðisyfirlýsingin var gefin út . State Sanctioned racist murder of white farmers in South Africa FULL SCREEN BEST www.youtube.com/watch ? v = SKG72AviEFw Draco Hehe..that's good . It is a noble idea but I would rather stay here in mostly white Missouri then move to 35 % black South Carolina . I am a new member from Bronx , New York looking for new friends to talk to . The easiest solution is to find a nice white girl and have at least two or more white children . YouTube - & #x202a ; Unruly Teens wrecking a Dunkin Donuts at 75 christopher street in manhattan & #x202c ; & rlm ; Sry I didnt respond sooner but right now im using free aol accounts I look forward to posting and have many interesting discussions with you all in the future . I'm heading down to DC to put a sign on the White House gates that will read : ' No savage negro BEASTS in the White House ! ' The regime wants Germans to hate themselves , too bad that they are not already brown Muslims ! This is my next read . The chairman of the FA is one David Bernstein and , yes , he is a member of a certain tribe that delight in bringing diversity and the benefits of multi-culturalism and ' anti-racism ' , along with boatloads of third-worlders to Britain . Man Accused of Murder Back in Court - WETM 18 Online Erin Jade Smith Obituary : View Erin Smith 's Obituary by Star-Gazette * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Assumed Deceased : Danielle Brown--FL--02/05/2010 You love pulling things out of your ass do n't you . Yea like the resistance the Christian Churches put up against the communists right ? I think ' Liberals ' would promote that type of mating because only randomness in your line determines your mate and not any other factor . Here you could see the rest of the adverts of this campaign http://www.jetlageando.com/archives/scpf-es-albino.jpghttp://www.jetlageando.com/archives/...-jardinero.jpghttp://www.jetlageando.com/archives/scpf-es-gemelas.jpg they are supossed to be fun but the one with the black man has another purpose . Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds . They all need to be sent back to Afreka along with the Joos that control our politicians . We need to start a pool on stormfront and use the money to buy this place . Nothing unusual about that except it said on the back window . hey whats up i 'm new on here and i would like to have someone to talk to so hit me back for whatever Van Rensburg , Nostradamus etc ? The image below is for the First Week of March 2011. freeman in court - judge bows to Sovereign - Canada YouTube - freeman in court - judge bows to Sovereign - Canada Look at the preservative crap they are eating too . http://abcnews.go.com/International/print ? id = 2483106 AP Story Enforcment.area , but , I.feel.asthough.that 's.part.of .the.towns.appeal.for.our.purpouses. hello. The are quite frankly nothing now . My wife showed me a Kibble 's - n - Bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as `` normal . '' They need the white male distracted as much as possible and of course the glorification of the groid ; two birds one stone . well since we have all of us from phoenix lets exchange numbers and meet up dont laugh at the email addy it was a joke hehe pure _ tattooed _ white _ trash@yahoo.com Oh my * * * * ing god ! Since they are just little kids i do n't want to be rude , but how ugly is the black kid compared to the others ? it 's not even adorable , it 's kinda scary lol Is n't that terrible ? There were never more than a few hundred people attending this parade , many of them non-Romanian gays arrived from Western Europe . Black ``women''on London transport ... The points they raise ought to be brought up far more often on SF . Show your support for Golden Dawn and sign the petition , https : //secure.avaaz.org/en/petition ... _ free _ country/ Thank you to whoever set up this site and to you for linking it ! 1900 's i mean There must be much less whites and much more blacks and Jews than what the statistics tell us . Her dad is going to school with her tomorrow .... THREE times as many Muslims are in prison than 15 years ago It 's no longer cause your German Polish English Urainian or Russian as long as we are white from our Aryan blood line we are all brothers and sisters ! Even if they do stop pouring in most of those that are here have no intention of going back to poland . If you want to buy the homes and businesses around you pm Ill show you how to purchase these propertys when they become available , even with bad or no credit or money . Blockbuster Instant Commercial - YouTube ! It is just starting to happen in Riga . LOL well here we have it a white european team against a latin american team. we have done so well so far. that a white team has come this far is being considered as incredible by some. but since the next games are in germany2006 would n't it be wonderful if a northern european team won this !!! already i have read about german superiority rascist remarks. pamela leighas pallessen-scherehart Sad it happens more and more they want to take ours but what do they think i want to date one of those negro women It could just be vanity and not wanting to be seen wearing a hearing aid as maybe they see it as an `` old persons '' thing . Making them up a history because they have none ? I 'm going to start looking into it , I 'm tired of being treated like I 'm less important than this mud on welfare after I 've been paying taxes for over 35 years . Does anyone else have trouble keeping their life free from foreign influence ? I am looking for people in north county area . So what are your thoughts and personal experiences with the whole new immigration system ?? Hell, if he had been white they would have thrown his ass in jail , suspended him from school , and it would have been all over CNN ABC NBC and CBS . I feel this is racist against whites ! They take underwater basket weaving courses and they have no worthwhile skills on account of angry still my favorite comment . Don't know if this one 's been posted . If you 're not prepared to make the effort of holding faith in Ireland 's future , you should leave this board . I take fotos from alphabetical order , only select clear big fotos . HUNGARY IN WW2 : FOR THE JUSTICE !!! i hope our patriots will throu eggs at them and will say some thing like get out to the jungle or i think our coach will make them to go to the trainnig at minus - 30C or - 50F that they uuuu will never be able to play agane and will fly to africa after first tranning 2508 http://www.commercialappeal.com/news ... emain-custody / Now , a little about the school where she `` teaches '' . A lot there are old , but I have lots of new ones I 'll be adding soon . I have no intention of ever setting foot in Mexico so I 'll have to take your word for it . She is classic meditteranean White . Oh that 's just great . I find it funny how obsessed many posters are here about how `` White '' and area is .... as if `` Whiteness '' is gauged by skin color alone . Haribo Advert - Interrogation - YouTube I look forward to conversing with everyone on here . You are not that bright are you ? I wonder how many moms would kill to look that good after having a kid . In case they start grabbing guns . In Galicia & Bukovina , in Moldova & Romania , in Balkans & Greece we can see many people looks like her . SNICKERS ® - `` Coach '' - YouTube Unfortunately , there are some poor White families where both parents work . i am just down the road to you.welcome to the board.it breaks my heart every time i go to Galway city and see the amount of blacks there.the other week i was walking down shop street and there was a moslem standing in the street selling copies of the koran I'm with you , Winnipeg has become a cesspool . No wonder this races achieve nothing . What did those poor monkeys ever do to you ? But the main thing is that there is nothing to be proud of . Oh my god . It took me forever to find these documents .... He never mentioned anything about the lack of white women on Stormfront .... He is looking for Proud , White Women in Florida I saw his latest movie and was actually surprised that there were no blacks in it . The problem is there are thousands of people , mainly europeans , who just create a profile and then post 0-4 times and then vanish . ( Once saw ad for funeral home on some in a bar ) LOL People dont pay attention but some do notice . Thanks. Those are the ones that I respect . I'm happy for the two of you . I would like to say and I can proudly say that there are no jews in Iceland , those that tried to get here were all sent back to Germany ... PM or email me when it gets to the actual planning stage please . Is there anywhere in central London that is still 95 % + white ? 2508 It 's nice to see other people here in this section that lean towards the old Pagan beliefs too . The reason for the high living expenses is of course the influx of hundreds of thousands of non-whites to the city . London is f' ked . Get one of these t-shirts for next time you see him : - Asatru Versand - Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shirt ) Kein Islam in Europa - Das Christentum ist schlimm genug ( T-Shir themd-kein-islam At the end of the day news such as this is what truly counts - not the ignorant and twisted opinions of street punks . Manslaughter? We have too many foreigners in our country and i fear for the future of all English people . Reminds me of the time I got water thrown on me from the window of a flat as I walked past . I've told some immigrants that if they did n't like it here they should just go home . Well this is just like Westchester county advertising solely for nonwhites to come and live there in projects . Check out ghost towns . http://www.krepublishers.com/02-Jour ... sey-KBert-Text.PDF `` Molecular genetic methods supported our observations , that there is a relatively small difference between the Hungarian and Indian groups , the Central - Europeans differ more '' . They were kind of up in arms but said most Scots are lefties . i know some may disagree with me but this man is one of my hero 's we need some guys like this over here now http://www.wpix.com/news/wpix-jersey ... , 5347881.story = = = = = Police arrested two men on suspicion of stealing more than $ 50,000 worth of property from an Avondale home Tuesday afternoon , thanks in part to attentive neighbors . The ability to run really quietly and lots of chloroform . Yea thanks for the information as I said in my P.M I actully knew nothing of the squatting movement back then and always thought that in modern times it had always been the preserve of small groups of extreme anarchists . But try to find stupid anti-irish messages on this forum ... A 750 lb boat with a 280 hp motor . MEMPHIS, Tenn. Then we will see who is afraid to leave thier homes after dark or venture into the wrong ' hood . I had to get used to her looking like that because she looked so obviously fake . Graveland was my favourite band until Prawo Stali , then there was too much of same material released one after another , but on myspace he has new material , new sound , I ca n't wait for this . Let 's order a pizza to be delivered where we are and then try to assault the driver , no one will know how to catch us . There is wisdom in your post . YouTube - Mike Castle on PeeBo 's Birthcertificate . THEY ARE NOT ODD !!!! It 's amazing how stupid liberals are , even after being nearly murdered for being white Mr. Begley is still a ridiculous * * * * * * -loving fool . I think your right about the R meaning registered trade mark . None of those videos play . An autopsy ruled her death a homicide . It shows foreighners in their school and says `` in this country you need skills '' yada yada ... this is directed to enlroll foreighners and racist . Please tell me you are n't advocating fraud . The most feminine form which these days has been lost . Move the fight over to the other thread . Agreed. No wonder Black dudes go for White chicks - they only have to punch them a few times to knock them out ! The PLE 's will be our sayanim . That news is something totally incomprihensible . True , it is hard for white men to find good white woman and it is just as hard for white women to find a good white man . well im in town every day and i 've never come accross them. it was probably a group of about five 15 year olds who had been drinking all day and were out on the piss having a laugh. if its an organised group , they do n't sound too smart . Bessie Mae Whyman The Orange County grand jury indicted Anthony Darnell Wade , 26 , of Los Angeles last year of several felony counts . It may have had something to do with me still working on it , so I entered your vote through the moderator 's edit option . I've heard the name before but I too have no idea who she is .. one of the benefits of turning off the Talmudivision and watching very few modern movies The true essence of divinity . That is one Ugly Picture !! - YouTube Ghetto black lady vs. liquor store - YouTube Kind of says where I am coming from . Camie http://whale.to/c/jeff_gates1.html Here 's what I mean when currently WN have to operate under Moscow Rules . I read an article where they ran the White rancher off his property , he left behind all types of farming equipment and a herd of livestock . hey im new on this site , what im looking for is a beutifull aryan woman to spend my days with.im in columbus , ohio.looking for my mate to live in columbus or surrounding areas. im 30 yrs old , ( but look 20 or so ) light brown hair , blue eyes.proffesional service technician , with alot of interest. if your looking fr near the same get ahold of me . eric Fatal shooting victim Police find murder victim Clinton woman 's death ruled a homicide There should be no integration of immigrants with Irish culture . 16 ? I was reading news on interia few min ago and look what i found : in the name of their god : http://fakty.interia.pl/galerie/obyc ... , 1160979,1,275 They probably arrest them and throw them in jail so that they will be raped and infected with AIDS . I like this man 's anger and resoluteness.Colud anyone tell where to take the whole footage ? Nationalists join the people of Ireland to attend the Rally For Life March in Dublin . People from whole Europe come here for that . It doesnt even look right . My favorite part : And still he ca n't see the truth right in front of his face . People of the US are getting it together , finally . its ok sister if you need a help hand you no where to come 88 have a nice White day 88 goldeboy 88 2508 Anthony DeShawn Washington , 18 , of Avondale , and Jonathan Anthony Gutierrez , 18 , of Tolleson , were booked on felony counts of burglary , theft of a means of transportation and criminal trespassing , Avondale police said . The owner of that little white boat on the right claims he 's had it up to 119 mph. Hmm . The worst thing about this is that every single one of our beautiful cities in ALL of our countries now look like this . Thanks ! She had 7 other kids living in the apartment . Mr A was correct again . In memory of Deputy James McGrane who was shot and killed while conducting a traffic stop by known gang member and Mexican POS Michael Paul Astorga . Wonder what happened ? : P + from someone else to Csabi : `` So according to Csabi romanians listen to hungarian music ? I now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and I could not belive what has happend in there .I think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible . Thanks for the posting and all they contains . The census results will be released next year . HELLO, Angel , just wanted to say hi i live in cal but e mail me if you want to . white on sister 9 Your assuming all Skinheads tattoo themselves and kill people for fun . I havent been in Mayo in around three years but back then it was one of the last good Irish places left . Amazing how 5 young bucks can break in to a little girls home , beat the child half to death before killing her and we are expected to believe that they did n't take turns at her while before finally killing her ... When I was last time in South Africa , we went to Sun City and saw little black monkey children swimming , funniest thing was watching drying water off their faces , it looks exactly like baboon or something , way they do it , whites have certain mannerisms with doing things , they have completely ape-like ones . For once its nice to see an article focus not on the `` evil racist whites '' but on the racism of an ethnic group , in this case the Negroes . jews have white skin does that make them white ? Ordered a copy the other day , cannot wait to settle down for a good read in front of the fire here . Somene was telling me somewhere that he has put in a claim about having been abused in an orphanage by one of the religious orders . It's from mid day Saturday untill the sunday morning but on the Sunday morning if enough want to stay on for the day we 'll see about putting on some ballads & holding a few extra events through the day . All you need is to cut off it 's head and the rest of the problems will crumble away with ease I seen a young Latvian girl at Prague airport with a very dark arab and their little girl about 2 was very dark . I would die for my child . Oh yeah it 's because they study so hard and their family 's value education ect ect ...... P.S. - poster above me is just a damn unsuccessful troll im sorry about being a bitch.i was just hurt.hope you find your talk with someone.ifyouwant to talk to someone who is trying to get their degrees pm me on sf or im me on aol aryan14words@aol.com or yahoo whiteqt242002 christy88 Well you 're wishing for the majority of white people in Britain to have their children burn in front of them and watch their flesh melt off of their bodies . A few Mestizos but the main heroes were white . Yeah Das Boot was great got it as present for Christmas . https : //www.youtube.com/channel/UCYW ... JscW1szbHzTuNw The subtle message . Also I agree it 's not fair to monkeys to compare them to black people . Not to mention that they do n't belong here anyway . Here is possibly the best county to live in when one considers the Mud Index . DuetschGirlTX, No I live in a tiny ass town where i am only one of 100 white folks ( maybe less ) . near San Antonio. there are so many dirts around and they all stick together. so when it comes to a White Girl in this town i gotta have my own back ALWAYS Is that where you are ? Perhaps if a school district has only a few White families left , they could get together and each parent could teach the kids one day per week . Handelsbetjent I really appreciate your help , Profoss . Oh, yes they will skin us alive if given the chance . 8000 $ later ( paid for byJiffylube ) his car was as good as new . I believe , judging from your other posts , that you belong more towards the back . Best thing to do is go along to a Blood and Honour gig.There is one in London in 2 weeks . Ok , it 's a fair cop , I 'll sign the ' fession , I ate all the fried eggs and I know I said I was English but I misled you because my mums dad was Irish , sorry about that . Was n't Bill Clinton the first `` black '' president ? Go to https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... threadid = 22812 There s a cool picture of my friend no 1965 chain immigrants !! Hopefully they will leave YT alone and just deal with the Nigerians when they start chimping out in the streets . I do n't think she is mongoloid , but it 's big question if she 's White ... Officers took 37-year-old Charlie Cason into custody after a violent exchange . I 'm a proud white male new to these forums . Something similar is happening in Belgium at the moment , but on a larger scale . Your post sure had something that was breaking the rules of this board , maybe was too insulting to be posted here . Miss Germany looks southern too . Hi All Are there any women in Texas who are proud of their race ? From there , just click on `` pictures '' and wait for them to load . As usual the magic negro opens his mouth and lies pour forth . All of you need to go onto that comments section and let them know we will not be defamed like that and we have every right to gather in an area . http://www.greatschools.org/cgi-bin/ ... r/855#students 99 % negro . Getting to the heart of a matter works as well . I just passed Devil ' s Lake , ND where the flooding is . hello all , i have just found this site by accident and after reading lots of the posts i felt i had to join , my husband and i will be proud to be voting BNP as usual in the nxt election No wonder young people ca n't get jobs . You Anglo-Americans are all welcome to England if you can perform the ' small ' task of riding London of it 's ethnics ! The fact that these people are trying to do the same thing to Ireland as they have in America and Britain and everywhere else they have set foot . I would love a house . Every white person from Michigan knows that our Detroit negros are the worst in America . of course they wo n't. they just want to steal our land. they would n't stop until we are all dead. and neither would we . I love them to death and would kill anyone that threatened them , but they will be hell when they get older ... They have no allegiance to Ukraine , their allegiance is to their god of money , power and the eternal enslavement of the hated goyim . I hope there is room for one more as i am very excited about this . Did anyone here of the co up Irish lets say like the ab have got the Irish mob to be brothers to keep out the foreign crowd ? I got it from the star newspaper a few weeks back could be a load of made up * * * * . ? I have no clue what it does but its there lol . More ethnic crime . There are 3 liquor stores in less than half a mile radius and one of them does n't stop selling beer until midnight . Some of the things I noticed were shop tailors dummies that were black , a couple of mud restaurants , and the germ of blacks being `` fashionable '' taking root . I 'd prefer to put them in one place before shipping them home . i saw it on opp.now i know what your name stands for.congrats you have a nice looking boyfriend.i read opp once and awhile to see if they took my pic off of here yet and put it on there . how are u im looking to make new friends so i ask u would u like to talk to me some time im a guy frome ny just trying to make some new friends if u would like to talk to me u can email me at killergods2001@yahoo.com thanks for your time hope to hear from u In fact , this year this `` event '' is going to be this weekend . Yes , ruby lipped , white skinned red haired boy is part SUDANESE . In doing so I came across these `` twisted '' new buildings located there : If only they had cheap cameras you could hide in your baseball cap . LONG LIVE HOLY MOTHER RUSSIA !! No doubt the bulk of her votes came from the ever growing chinese immigrant community around Belfast . Danny p.s.please.excuse.my.keyboard , as , it 's.on.the.fritz 9 / LOL . Only in Africa ... hi im 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and havent found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ? The Russian Navy Tall Ship was on display in San Francisco a few years ago . It is disgusting . It 's plainly there , all you need to do is act on it . There is a 911 section . `` Work harder white boy , my brother needs a new truck '' . If somebody commits a crime in the name of the klan they are not a real klansman and should be punished by the law as well as anybody that ordered them to commit the criminal acts . Mithotyn yea maybe in Germany and other Western European countries nazis are banned from everywhere , but in Bulgaria u can live , * * * * gypsies and some * * * * * * s/not much = 15-20 ppl in my town / u can dress like skin and beat punks/not much 15-20 guys / and ..... just u can do everything but if u live here u will not have money ( hehe i will cut some of my fingers if someone american come to live in Bulgaria ... I saw on the news that one can buy an AK47 for seven US dollars . She is white but looks somewhat below average for a white Swedish girl , I think . Killer of woman , child in Oak Cliff gets death penalty | News for Dallas , Texas | Dallas Morning News | Dallas-Fort Worth Crime News | Dallas-Fort Worth News I saw two blacks there and a few on their website . well i have no money to go over the sea neither i think we should have it all over the world on the same day for those that dont have enough money to travel that far wpww . Liberia Awaits I'm going to have to sit down here and start replying to a lot of posts I have been missing here , when I have the time . Best Wishes , John Londen . They will never get anywhere , they 're just as bad if not worse than the BNP in respect to how stigmatized their name is . http://www.hs.fi/english/article/Fin ... /1135242977641 Wells is accused of killing 19 year old Erin Jade Smith on December 6 , 2010 . They are both cultural threats What do they do with them ? These idiots are doing this to hasten Armageddon so they can get a free ride to heaven . 2508 Belfry Country House Skating-rink Country House , detail Country House , by Kuzmin Country house , by Lygin Rüütel , sem staddur er hér á landi í opinberri heimsókn ásamt eiginkonu sinni , Indgrid Rüütel , sagði ennfremur að mikill ótti hafi verið við að Sovétríkin beittu landið hervaldi eftir sjálfsstæðisyfirlýsinguna . Just for research purposes I 'll mention that there was a video years ago about the Flatland area of Montana , with a similar tone to this recent NPR radio show , but it was before-PLE . I 'm 19 years old and an italian-AMERICAN ( most importantly ) . This fight isnt over yet . We must stick together and see things on the bright side whenever possible for our health 's sake . As far as i know they are `` frozen '' bacause they are waiting to see how things will turn out with new `` anti-racists '' laws and act then . Then the Mother rings the dinner bell on the porch . I do programming in PHP/MySQL and system admin for networks . Of course they can take the property of white people for reparations . not sure how we can be anti liberal when we have a prime minister who openly supports israel and sends them cards on their holiday 's laughing stock of the aryan race. not to mention they also openly support the sand people . Hispanics , Blacks and Asians are all doing it . I must say , the younger guy sure keeps this gal young and fit . White Pride World Wide .. Episode 4 is out , you can watch it on 4oD : Benefits Street - 4oD - Channel 4 ( UK only ) Some of those are uploaded on YouTube now : https : //www.youtube.com/results ? filt ... fits + street % 22 Or get it here : https : //thepiratebay.se/search/benef ... treet/0/99/205 HD-720p download : https : //mega.co.nz/# ! XAsXRIbb ! 0-td1f ... v78mZxteR7K7jY ( 913 MB ) This is episode #4 of 5 total . correct. Damn, if I had known about this earlier I would have attended . That 's a little scary . +3 3 related images One of Savannah 's Most Wanted Captured 2nd Marine in charged in Las Maracas shooting WNCT - George Crocker - 52 minutes ago 21 year old Erwin Rodriguez , Jr. of Camp Lejeune is charged with one count of Assault with a Deadly Weapon with Intent to Kill Inflicting Serious Injury by ... At 17 years old , Travis Jones has been in front of a judge a few times before . Coming right up . Hello Oleg If I did not know I would have thought it is a picture of one of our boer families here in south africa : - ) regards joe Negro Charged With The Murder Of White Rest Stop Employee - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum R.I.P. It 's 93 right now here , but 81 there . Should n't they be fluffing your pillows and feeding you grapes while they watch that football game ?? I even thought of showing up to their paper sell outside of Heathway train station on the following saturday Sort of a back handed compliment that the anti-Whites are so keen to come on here and tell us that all is lost - in their heart of hearts even they must know that what they have constructed is only temporary and all will be ripped down some day . There are so many race mixing ads on TV that it gets overwhelming . My family and I are wanting to come out and look around a little more . But you get alot of American White nationalists or Nazis claiming to want all non-White descendants out of America but America is not a native White continent or country . Get off your arse and do it yourself.Hand out a few leaflets in some Irish town and show pictures i done it years ago in Dublin why cant you do it now ? There are southern theories for the origins of the Slavs , you know . Hey Summer I live in Florida ! [ youtube ] l46t _ nrySg4 [ /youtube ] [ youtube ] ky-zdHMNFNM [ /youtube ] Situation in Switzerland is terrible , blacks and muslims are everywhere ! We were a great Country with a great People but all these monkeys are transforming Switzerland in a zoo where law is not respected . On a short holiday , Go back and do something about your own country and stop putting crap on our doorstep ! I like the Wall idea . Where are there Morals ? Now I watch no TV at all . If thats where we are heading then its a sad future indeed . they sure did and the irony of it all is they said they were doing it to prevent theft by criminals. in my books the act of theft is what would make you a criminal I guess the term `` blond '' is somewhat subjective , but to a Swede the vast majority of Spaniards are brunettes . I wonder what the percentage of the San Francisco people who are HIV positive are straight . The last major case I remember was another gang of Asians . Please explain so even we on the other side of the sea can understand . Folk , Faith , Family Hail Victory !! And the weak may leave the Folk at a time of their choosing . Ugh... I just realised how much anti Russian propaganda is on the internet in the last week or two . I'm saying , what I see . Israel arrests him i bet Lentin and co are very happy.All students looking in see what scum the Jews are.Details here www.normanfinkelstein.com What are the best ways to start you own white community , set up your own currency or other methods of trade with other white communities in order to support your white community ? As soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , I suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again . I 've heard five their songs and they are My favorites from Russian White Power music . Those little boys would have never seen their 11th birthday if I was there . He was a saint apparently hope nothing awful happens to my white brother and sisters in SA , keep safe . Det er forresten en ting til Órkneyjar vil si deg , `` Tack så mycket . '' I look forward to commenting when I get more time . Charming is knowing that all these unuseful beings lives in Switzerland as refugees !!!! https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/showthread.php ? t = 253531 And one of thing I like in football , among football fans many white patriots Right wing ultras RUS - YouTube LK White Americans and White Europeons have too few children . No dogs ? We are part of the thraco-celtic ethnic group . I have never had a visa or left the continental USA The UAF are just a bunch of middle class faggots , the EDL should steam into them every time they show up to counter a demonstration , they 'll soon run home to daddy . If that number is correct then it is impressive .. those men were heroes and patriots who faught for our way of life against red army . She is certainly an enigma . If you come down n ' around Sacramento California area send me a message . A mentally-ill Orthodox cantor who told jurors he was `` The Michael Jackson of Jewish music '' was sentenced in Manhattan yesterday to at least a year in prison for swindling a Washington Heights woman out of $ 36,000 . A small trace amounts of non white blood a few generations back can be removed naturally by generational mixing of more white blood into the lifeline of a family who 's great great so on on and so forth engaged in one incident of miscegenation . He 's listed in my friends . Interesting timing with the Zimmerman verdict coming soon ... and they are from St. Cloud to the south of Sanford and Orlando , near Kissimmee . Where do you see dark hair ? I never met any here in London . now that ye mention it he does look a bit like this traveller i knew. i wonder if we gave him a wash would he really be a white guy with red hair ? If I was 20 years younger I would jump at the chance . Hi guys I am thinking of going to Katowice at the weekend . Dresden got to see as well and it was a wonderful thing for her to see . The cologne was under the seat . White, 73-year-old woman , beating victim attends suspects ' court hearings by Joel Allen Posted : 05.11.2010 at 8 : 43 PM A 73-year-old Loris woman who was severely beaten last week showed up at separate court hearings Tuesday for the two boys accused of assaulting her . Please vote in this poll : Will You Publicly Condemn Those Who Advocate the Murder of Women and Children ? One out we will never win but if we can form proper communities we can gain real strength . I just took that test . Any bother u go on lock down no one gets out the cells so its not that bad prison is 24 hour boredom .. I would meet ya. ^ _ ^ Lots of " `` work '' `` here lol . Very good video which packs a hard punch . That 's it I slag off anyone who did n't vote BNP or NF . Hi there people how are you , i came on here a few years ago and for some reason didnt back on lol. so anyway i hope your all well , Maybe try a badger instead ? read posts in activism local and regional by dutchy and ladyaryan , the thread name is white town in the making and white strongholds in your city. take care 14 words YouTube - Hail Combat 18 YouTube - Shebeen - Fields Of Athenry ( Garvaghy Road ) ! Those who do not keep slaves to clean their toalets will see their children multiply and happily exist in thir own countries . Apparantly they still have some of the stadiums to finish and 350,000 tickets to sell ( they are normally gone within days of release ) . im new on here and was just wanderin if any ladies are intrested i a good oel southernman from tennessee send me a messege . I do n't even like buying cartons of juice ! One reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of Chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them . But `` Radio Shanson '' somehow poisoned the minds of almost all `` marshrutka '' drivers in all big Russian cities . sure it was , yes of course , what was i thinking ? The problems start when you start to accommonadate these people in the first place ! , give an inch and they 'll take a mile ...... It 's good to spook kids with our folklore so they can pass it down .. I just hope it 's not considered child abuse nowadays .. lol .. Just/kid' n It just keeps their minds aware Imagine a kids face when they learn of the stories of our ancestors around the camp fire .. this is a water toast BTW -- > Second , I really hope one day you chauvinists try to take our Transylvania from us ! 1330 Posada , ring a bell ? 1467 Baia , ring a bell ? 1599 Selimbar , ring a bell ? ------------------------------------------------------- Arnold Rüütel , president of Estonia , says his nation is grateful to Icelanders for having the courage of recognizing Estonia 's independance while other countries kept quiet . A federal judge in New York closed a filthy jew kosher slaughterhouse Tuesday , saying the plant 's dirty birds posed a health risk to the community . Non-Muslim Michigan High School students wear hijabs in school for class lesson to `` explore religion and identity '' | Pamela Geller , Atlas Shrugs It is just outstanding . We have to get back to our countries being for our race , the same as every other race 's country is for them . Top ten movies banned in Ireland Ten movies that the Irish censors blocked from Ireland 's cinemas Top ten movies banned in Ireland | IrishCentral I have been coming here for a while now as a guest and today i finally decided to join so here i am . Not going to be able to stop for drinks except for the occasional gas station bottled water . Damn you all for making me tag along with you .. ! I just had an extreme mini blizzard ( cookie dough ) from Dairy Extremist . There is no moral or just law that says you can not defend yourself , your family/loved ones/home from an unperoked attack . ' I've met a few people who I talk to outside of SF , and I consider them to be pretty good friends . The other guy is over at the B & H forum ... hey how ya doin , my buddy showed me this place last night and ive been checkin it out , im getting ready to move to alabama later this month if i can get my yahoo to connect ill send ya a message , might half to log into chat thow . Who the hell cares if its not kosher ... Presumably you are not in favour of mass white immigration simply on the shallow account that they are agreeable to your sensibilities ? Hello decided to start posting thought I , d say hi I 'm from midlands uk . man i was in jail in waukesha a few years back and i heard that there arent any skins out there any more , hows the scene out there ? has it picked up in the last few years or was the guy i talked to full of it ? I wanted to thank you Mjodr for taking the time today to go check out a house there in the area for my family and I to move to . She is Ukrainian . ...the Jew shall have my Flesh , blood and bones and all ... Oildale,Ca.While.this.little.town.borders.Bakersfi eld , it.offers.very.low.housing.costs , while.providi ng.many.jobs.in.the.oil.drilling.fields.i.e.weldin g & support , .mostly.White.Racial.make-up ( 90 % ? ) .Until.we.had.moved.here.from.Huntington.B each.6.monthes.ago , I.had.never.heard.of `` PLE '' .Our.i ntent.moving.here.from.So.Cal.was.very.similar.to. Can someone suggest any reliable online sources for information on the anthropological classifications of the different populations in the Scandinavian / Baltic countries ? I have read that one of the suspects was blond and in another article they were described them as ' pale youngsters ' . I meet a lot Chechen 's a few weeks back i was shocked to see how light skinned they were and they had light brown hair and blue eyes and had European facial features . Humans are the only hosts and victims of V. cholerae , a motile , aerobic organism . We've had a couple of similar cases in Finland , when a nig purposefully tried to give dozens of Finnish women hiv/aids . 2 Years of foreign language is mandatory to graduate from my school . Crews search for missing in Hungry Horse | KAJ18.com | Kalispell , Montana I'm sad to find this out right now but I 'm also sorry to inform you that Kevin was killed several years ago . White kids dressing and acting black and all that * * * * , when I was in school we would beat the * * * * out of those kids . hey im looking to talk to/meet ppl around my age in my area 16/f/poway sanDiego any1 around me wanna message back to this that be awesome thnkx He survived it , only to watch his country once again get torn into bits , and fall under communism which he fought against . Teacher caught selling drugs at school . Same here . New York City : Aborted black babies outnumber live-birth black babies According to the city Health Department , 2008 saw 89,469 abortions performed in New York City seven for every 10 live births . Take back what you said or I will report you . They would be better off just sitting out in the sun eating a dirt sundae . hello all glad to be in a community of proud white folk just a shame its online as opposed to leaving the front door none the less im honoured to be here i think i may know this person ... it 's me and i 'm doing good ! this is some surprise. wow. check you pm 's ! talk to you soon . I went out with an old friend the other day for a few drinks . At least shop where a white is at the counter is my rule . Chris There are few if any Blacks . Only if they get their collective heads out of the punch bowl and wake up to what 's going on in the world . pm me or email me at boycottkosher@aol.com once i get enough money together ill be getting a car and ill be able to get to milwaukee quite easily . Swinging On Both Females Guys Nobody Tries To Stop It Thanks for saving the picture but the one I saw was a black guy looking at a laptop and a White girl sitting next to him , laughing and hanging on him also looking at the laptop but they did n't show what was on the laptop . I 'm looking to make new friends in the west / middle tn area . http://www.irish-nationalism.com/forum/ How about matchbooks ? I got sloppy seconds after some Muslims used this girl . Yes I saw it . But Wayne I want a brown baby like all the other girls on the estate ! Eeeeh , that was a great summer . Does that make sense ? In fact , it looks like almost a dozen black bears have been euthanized all over western Montana due to illegal feeding . Grizzly bear relocated in NW Montana | KRTV.com | Great Falls , Montana The jew Alan Fishman , 49 , of Brooklyn , NY , was arrested along with the jew Daniel Ledven , 37 , of Cresskill , N.J. , on securities and wire fraud charges in a scheme that swindled investors out of $ 20 million . Also, 4 people break into a home and shoot and kill a 12 year old , and none of the major news outlets pick up the story ? I went to high school with f * ckers just like the guy in the original video . Miss South Africa is not White . Good. Maybe if you opened your eyes you 'd see that I did . Let 's deal with the non-whites first Congrats on you finding love I'm looking for any white females in the fort hood area to talk to . They speak the Irish language because it 's their culture but are brainwashed into thinking that it 's ok to destroy our race . INTJ Introvert ( 11 % ) iNtuitive ( 38 % ) iNtuitive Thinking ( 38 % ) Judging ( 22 % ) You have slight preference of Introversion over Extraversion ( 11 % ) You have moderate preference of Intuition over Sensing ( 38 % ) You have moderate preference of Thinking over Feeling ( 38 % ) You have slight preference of Judging over Perceiving ( 22 % ) they choose isolated houses away from the locals and come and go in cars at night.They don`t invite the neighbours around for a knees up .... Lots of ice fishing and fly fishing here , antelope , elk and moose too . In Limerick I see them in town wearing blue jackets and trying to get people to give them money `` for a good cause '' . We know they cant swim , but they might not remember that in their lust for ' dat money ' . I could never picture the site of one of the women of the Holy Rus shacking up with some Islamic mud from that fithy , impoverished , and godforsaken mountainous * * * * hole ! Last thing we want is them moving off the reserves . surely gotta be more than that. town to town you see minority whites. - if whites are supposed to be at least 70million - its a very hard way of showing it The main drawback is the potential for excess mercury . The first is the following . Hungarian Academy of Sciences - Semmelweis University , Institute of Forensic Medicine , Budapest , Hungary , 1091 E-mail : bujgyo@igaz.sote.hu Hey look it even has same year as Csabi 's hungarian music popularity in Romania , except in my case it has exact source specified with documentation and contact material and is not done by some sensationalist newspaper but by hungarian Universities . It is a lovely town too . S.African police clash with poor protesters | Top News | Reuters Hand the country over to Muds and what do you expect . Missouri is very cheap I have lived her like I said most of my life you can get 130 acres , with a 4 bedroom house , barns , ponds and woods for 97,000 in southern Missouri . This is EXACTLY the kind of action that will go a long way to saving our race And out of white hating Canada ? who 'd of thought eh ? I think when they first come into this country they get those type of old cars then after a year or so they move up to brand new cars . Just because they are in super max does not mean they will never be out among us again . Free North Carolina : Peterson 's particulars VikingInMe Plus who leaves their car open at night and in the city !? Forgiveness is a key virtue in Macedonian Christian behavior . In your dreams negress , when SD comes into the Riksdag ... "....she was a Gypsie woman ..... " , i like Black Sabbath but i dont like Gypsies . Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers This is the previous edition of that textbook `` Making Europe '' Amazon.com : Making Europe : People , Politics , and Culture since 1300 ( 9780618004829 ) : Frank L. Kidner , Maria Bucur , Ralph Mathisen , Sally McKee , Theodore R. Weeks : Books Amazon.com : Making Europe : People , Politics , and Culture since 1300 ( 9780618004829 ) : Frank L. Kidner , Maria Bucur , Ralph Mathisen , Sally McKee , Theodore R. Weeks : Books when you click on the picture to `` Look Inside '' the negro pops up . I apologize for my ignorance . Sorry to hear you 're so down . BTL It was not multiple gangs . So... you would say to lie . CLINTON, Iowa ( AP ) Police say the boyfriend of a Clinton woman killed in her apartment has been arrested . It is n't enough that we support mesico now we have to support africa . Oh I see how it is , Son of the Mist . Below is the `` Story of Sergey Brin '' the owner of google . PALATKA , Fla. Parents should take care of their children ... - YouTube But I guess if something like this would have happened it would 've been my fault right ? ............................ Brampton here , or hell as I call it . This is got to be one of the few places in the world where you can drive 4-5 hours and go from rain forests to desert . Memphis Teen Charged with Rape | My Fox Memphis | Fox 13 News Maybe hate crime will now apply to whites ( in an odd fashion ) Therefore , the Company has temporarily suspended the acceptance of new orders . Tight as in good pals ? And the non-edible chemicals in the processed and sometimes not so processed food . I usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident/incident.I then phone them and find out what has happened . I thought it was like a tranny that slept with 200 men ! WP WP WP WP Yes true It reminds me of this incident Muslim Extremists Abuse Royal Anglian Troops After Afghanistan Return , Barking - London 2010 - YouTube Or for that matter thinks he is a tree ? Absolute Vodka as a company is anti White as they 're a sponsor for RuPaul 's Drag race and a huge advocate for the LGBT community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : Behind the Scenes of Absolut Vodka Cocktail Perfected - YouTube It is always about divide and conquer.If you look at the Golden Dawn pictures they usually have women around there.Unity among Whites is a must between the sexes . if they have the same help here in Quebec , i would like too say congratulation pitbull-A.G. and i hope you have lot of new white resident in your city I am in agreeance with you about this haven being a great place to speak out and vent the anger we get from living in Zogworld . Blacks have shown as they are able to survive all year round sitting on their arse waiting for comic relief . The work place pensions advert is pretty bad , anyone seen it ? I 'm angry against myself for just letting this whole world drown into a jewish cesspool . And then there is the pesticides on your fresh ( ? ) fruit and veggies . Tight as in good abs ? The green strip is a well watered vineyard : Much of this lake is very shallow . Wow! When the homos tried to have a fag pride parade in Serbia a few years ago they were beaten up . http://www.azcentral.com/news/articl...bbery1219.html Only if you can afford it , white good areas in croydon are semi house 350.000 + a 1 bed flat is 200.000 + . I've read many post on here saying Israel gives training to US law enforcement . Other shooting at protester Shooting to people in Kiev / ???????? ?? ???????????? ? ????? So then what caused the booms and busts BEFORE the FED was put into place and we had a bimetallic based money ? -- Palatka police said a woman is recovering after two men brutally attacked her inside her home early Wednesday morning . He said he is offended by the Jewwatch website . Jewish Google owners I just wonder how long before obango starts bringing them here for a new life . I get mine from all outlets even the enemy ones . Ok here 's mine , not a very good picture of me but it 's the only one i have at the moment . I think they have . You cannot judge the country and its people on those men alone . I hope one day to proudly say again that I am an American , when we take this country back . Now there practically giving Ireland away . Mr.Ollsson,has it occurred to you that the only reason the nordic women you are so fond of are so attractive is because their fathers were smarter than yours.Think about it ! It's a start . There 's one up now for what used to be a white church that shows two couples - white/Asian , and White/Mexican . Her skin tone is not white to my eyes . Ever notice the way the mechanisations of the state , always side with their anti-fascist NWO goffers ? The barbarians are at it again . Where did you go to school in Oregon ? Has this situation changed that much ?? Instead we are left to shed a tear for the black kids killed in a church bombing 40 years ago . The raw footage of these beasts in their moments of candor is so much more revealing and persuasive for helping our fellow white brothers and sisters see the truth than a thousand books could ever be . Agreed. There will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in . Maybe stormfront should consider this documentation and letting other gypsy groups join or kicking hungarians out ? " Lots run about $ 500 , houses about $ 3000 . Hey I know I am too old for you but I just wanted to say I saw your picture & I think your cute . Hoodies $ 60 Sweetshirts $ 50 Womens Ts $ 30 Mens Ts $ 25 However if you avoid larger fish such as Swordfish and Tuna , your chances of ingesting mercury are substantially reduced . I dont think it will work moot is too much of a libtard to allow that going on for too long As far as I know the government gives them money for cars but im not sure how much they recieve and what the terms and conditions are if any . Also lots of bear . So he can show her off like a brand new sparkly jewel etc etc . We plan on holding a family camping/fun weekend in the summer once the weather has ( I hope ! ) improved . I intend to get a big dog in time for next year 's elections , but no pigs , lizards , parrots or raccoons ... You can stop this by getting a dead pig and bury it underground where the mosque will be built . A lurker from Down Under , a grandson of a royal marine green beret whom stormed Normandy and served in the pacific . Dunnes strikers to attend funeral - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Lets hope these reds are n't mistaken for the usual white targets of these jungle savages ! We need to eliminate all of those elements from the white race . So within the next day or so my user name will be MICHIGAN GHOST I just did n't want to have anything associated with Bradley or the uka !!!! I think it 's profitable to jump on at mainstream conservative chatboards like conservativeunderground.com. Jeremy WPWW You cannot just assimilate one city block at a time . My friend Mar with nice blue-eyed cat . At least she goes to church now LOL Jag kollade inte ... ) If you 've not had the chance to check it out , you might find this site of some interest . Indeed, the arab population of interior BC is quite high and in some of the richer areas are almost 60 % + brown . I know , it 's disgusting . It 's going viral on Youtube - warning the lesbian ' groid gets aggressive on the whites for whatever reason : YouTube - Video Caught On Tape Lesbian Or Young Man Going Wild On BART Train In Oakland ! I wrote almost the same thing a week or so ago . Get the hell out before you people become part of a great dirt ! Going next year does n't sound half bad .. I hope all their farms burn down and their nappy headed children squandle in the flames . I'd like to see the videos and pictures . May be SF Ireland could apply to the funding , as it 's working hard to improve White racial relations in the Community ? Rhodine van der Walt was shot and killed in her home in Kempton Park on Saturday night , 1 Feb 2014 by blacks . 90 + % of those on it are White . video deleted reupload please please people make maximum stuff graphics wall painting video and stuff dont let media and internet censorship minimize this affair . You changed your name . YouTube - A NATION CANNOT SURVIVE TREASON : CICERO F G are the enemy of the Irish Nation vote S F not the best but care for the working class Irish not the rich scumbags . Now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , I say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass . Hey all I 'll be visiting southwest england in a few weeks , pm if you 'd like to get together for a pint if your in the area . I dont like reporting people but the last thing I will do is tolerate some stupid pig who claims Hungarians are Tatars . We will never understand the pain they must have felt . No pictures yet . Looks like some Jews good broken into their car and garage I just had to laugh when saw this . I wonder what Mom and Dad thought of that You have got it all wrong . I wish to know what actions Swedes are taking exactly against the invading races ! I hope they find him . Where is forced busing when you need it ? sounds like their government is doing a great job if they have been able to maintain this in the current situation Seems like you cant get away from these parasites anymore its happening and getting worse everywhere . Pakis asians and even jungle bunnies come in and * * * * starts getting weird . We are more concerned about ZOG controlling US and Russia . If you want to hear what a black `` intellectual '' ( lol ) sounds like , check out the woman in this video trying to debate Dr. William Shockley . It 's transmitted through food and water contaminated with fecal material . I honestly dont understand ukip sometimes they look like labour but on the other hand like the torys . Pallada Photos - San Francisco Bay Jeeze its worst than the UK . Yes i have noticed this too where I live . Oh that reminds me of my high school days in IT lessons making 30 Apple Mac 's on Clarisworks simultaneously say `` Mr Carey has death breath '' Disgusting what this country has become . i get what your saying and there are thousands of non irish here who will never contribute anything to this land . Yeah I saw that one on TV about the jew rabbi that was trying to get some from the 14 year old girl . I dont think anyone is going to decide , its going to be where whites feel the most at home among their own . But may You always love each other the way You have loved each other today . I went to an EDL rally in Luton a couple of years ago and i can tell you that the EDL are not real nationalists they are just a bunch of drunk Football hooligans They are a disgrace Susan This is n't the local 4 diamond Hilton situated on some sunny beach ... I think it is January 6'th or 7'th , not the same as us . Looking at this thread , Slavs have some of the most beautiful nature on this planet . I mean just look at these photos , dont you get same feeling ? I do like the outfit they dressed the simian in ; he looks so regal " YouTube - & #x202a ; Kolovrat Kosovski front & #x202c ; & lrm ; There is not enough interest on either side for a re-unification to be attempted . How to call someone who agrees for slow doom of him self and his people ?? That is because Lycurgus has been on moderation forever and should be let off . ok, if youre talking about a band then this we can work with.the colors and design i do this for around 60 dollars.but like i said i need to wait till my new needles and colors come in . Sexual assault suspect caught on cellphone video - YouTube Rape Suspect Caught On Cellphone Video Arrested - News Story - KTVU San Francisco Dion McDaniel 's mugshot Elmira, N.Y. That is about as cheap and low as I 've seen it around here , your task is so transparent as to be laughable . Again , I appreciate the contributions to this thread , but videos like this have no value here . 20 + is needed . And some people say that the Klan is n't doing anything today to make a difference . I watched the video once , I don t think I would like to watch it again , ever . This disgusting negro makes us ( white people ) look bad . Aww this boy must come from a deprived community .... not : http://homes.point2.com/US/Pennsylvania/Monroe-County/Stroud-Township-Real-Estate.aspx . YouTube - Broadcast Yourself . Your right . None of us are claiming to be better NOR superior to any other white nationality Take a nice , long holiday to Ireland and see what we 're bloody talking about for yourself before you jump in on it . Rüütel , which is here [ in Iceland ] on a public visit with his wife , Indgrid Rüütel , said furthermore tat alot of fear had been of Soviets using military force after their decloration of independance . Budapest 1919 , Trianon 1920 , ring a bell ? 2013 , our military is still vastly superior to yours as it has always been ! Btw, if anyone wants to have their say against the multikulti zombies that read Six Degrees , here 's their forum : http://www.6d.fi/say _ your _ say/ I would like to get some of the leaflets printed and distribute them but sadly I have not got the funds . God knows what would come out of Africa if only blacks could come up with investigative journalism . Just as there 's a place for Pakis called Pakistan and a place for Negro 's called Africa . Hello Everyone on Stormfront Have heard a lot of good things about this forum so I have decided to take the plunge . HZ why . Whats the difference between St. Patrcks Day , and Martin Luther King Day ? ........................... On St. Patricks day every body wishes they are Irish . Note to self : lose the wombat . To me , the definition of a WN peace maker is a White person who uses political will and psyhical expression to defend and create the survival and existence of the White race . In fact Cyberfascist and I were trying to figure out a good spot for us to all meet . There are no excuses . it looks like jews have taken over ukar.org but you can read the section of the website dealing with the kosher tax on archive.org : http://web.archive.org/web/200602110...r.org/tax.html Construction Workers React to `` Wrecking Ball '' - YouTube The worst thing happened to internet freedoms when albanians used their spare time from selling drugs to learn to use computers . Okay I will take your word for it ; but than why do the same people when they use that word not say Cymru for Wales or Polska for Poland ? Yeah, i guess the one time you 're not prepared for it will be the time it goes down . THe thing i was asking if it is alright if i remain here afterwards ? just wanted to thank you for meeting up this weekend . It is certainly enough money to keep hundreds of jews employed by over a dozen companies involved in the certification process . my first kiss was a girl that lived down the street from me when i was 10.I went to school with her younger sister.Her name was kelsey.She had blonde hair and blue eyes.She was 13.We were at the movies and then I figured I 'd take a chance and try to kiss her and it worked . The baby was waving its arms and legs !! Maaaaany pinders and Asians here ...... BTW you are not wrong about Mildura , I went through there in mid 2000 and there was n't a non-White in sight but late last year when I went through there all I saw were islanders , indians , asians , and whatever other crap little johnnie could get dumped into the country . He sent me a PM the other day saying all is well just staying off SF but checking in now and then . It is a good language to learn and is related to all other Slavic languages . Is this true ? I will soon post photos of my cats .... 6 of them . Jesli sa , to sie chowaja , albo nie wiedza co to Stormfront . I see a man with a somewhat Nordic nose and white , not dark , hair . When I was about her age I had a a close Swedish female friend whose Swedish family and friends I also met , all of them looked far better than this contestant . They decided to go on a road trip . The Bible itself though is full of contradictions and you can mis-judge how things are meant . Here 's a salute from Bulgaria to all comrades : http://zazz.bg/play : cf3bf803 Sorry the worse working class slum is as Irish as the rest of Ireland.I love Ireland and my people all Irish are my people . If we give them a good hold on our land , then it will be hard to stop them . Mass media , Academia plus the news and entertainment in which parents allow , actually allow their children to watch and be educated with is a massive problem . Yes my friend this you must do . Non-whites are looking out for their own interests , race traitors are an enemy by choice and choose to unite with enemies and not whites . One sign that you are living in a small town must be when your local library only has one book about Nordic languages , 50 pages thin and published in 1942 . The immigration laws have not being updated so everybody can ask for a N-Card ( refugee permission ) , living here and the Social Security Departement of each canton will pay them 1.an one-piece appartement ( 300 $ /month ) 2.Hospital Insurance ( 200 $ /month ) 3.argent de poche ( 300 $ /month ) .... I see nothing wrong at all with Dr. Duke selling his book.He has dedicated years and many long hours to this cause and maybe you should rethink your statement . OK bye ! English team are 100 % white ... I found this thread loaded with good clips , here is a few of them . Such a shame that our government cares more about looking good in front the world then it does about the safty of its people . Welcome to the front lines ... That and a 100 mile wide free fire zone ought to do the trick . I hope this line of discussion does not die out before its time . What say you of Jotunheim ? Stories like this are so sad . I've only seen four Jews in my whole life , and those Jews were on the Silja Europa ship , going to Stockholm . 14 ! I've seen it before , most are Poles from America from what I see . They do what they always do take something of someone else 's and make it their own . We have to learn to appreciate diversity . Last time I wore something even half that high I nearly broke my ankle and my neck . Normal? One knows it 's a large number , that 's for sure ! Its common to for whites to love ethnics when they do n't know any as all they have seen is the pc image of them on tv . Just Internet . Is it a finnish version of `` Får får får ? '' ? Good point , straight people do get aids . Hehe ! Yes, I saw a news broadcast and their ethnic background was a foot note , quickly adding that this kind of abuse happens in all communities . I stopped watching the CBC when they started airing that show `` Little Mosque on the Prairie '' . hi guys i have just registered in order to say my opinion from my experience in real life or internet about your issues . There was probably a lot more as well , those documents just got ' lost ' . Yes, these figures sound correct and are in line with the impression I got there . Although it might freak out the government .. lol My favorite part of St. Augustine Florida .. Is the old city walls . Who do they actually think they are banning a celtic cross !!! However , it is an outstanding item , based on the rhythm of the commie Soviet hymn that I was forced to listen to as a child often , a dreadful experience . Very easy Rebel Robbie , our bluebells have flowers which droop down , the Spanish variety have flowers that stick out horizontally , and yes they do cross very easily between species which is why people are asked to destroy the Spaniards before they wipe out our own bluebells . Prostitution and drug is getting everywhere , dealers are from Senegal , Guinea , Nigeria , dirty prostitutes are fom Cameroun . We will stand shoulder to shoulder with you on this fight . Hey i just wanted to see how many true white weman are around on these forums from Long Island or even New York since most white chicks here are * * * * * * lovers . Can someone tell Me when I can find any mp3 of CEBEPHIbE BPATA ? I would willing risk jail time if it meant I could get my hands on them or anyone who does that to a white child . The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood . Keep hearing how wonderful he was and someone even likened him to Christ !! I find this extremely interesting . Good fences make for good neighbors . I hope not much people will trust all that propaganda . I have a feeling though that propaganda photos like these will have the reverse of the desired effect . Tatars that I see on the streets of my town look more European than Osttruppen for example . I told my daughter if I saw one photo like that on her Facebook page , I 'd let her brother hack her account , then photoshop it at will . I ca n't wait till the news starts promoting racial integration with the negro Too unsuspecting whites who do n't know she is not a white Where do you see a hook nose ? If there are , they hide or do n't know Stormfront . How evil can you get huh ? Come on guys , help her show her kids the right way . Thank you , she definitely is something else ! I hear you loud and clear I still have n't been able to meet up with anyone . Victim Judy Burstein , 55 , had met the singer , Michoel Streicher , 50 , at his performances five years ago in Rockland County , Brooklyn and Lakewood , NJ . Go to his profile and leave a message . That is The NWO beast . Other than the Amish no other group of whites have large families . My grandfather told me of england when he was a boy , and the dogs would go right into the pub with the men and sit with them under the table . I got nothing against the Slavs , just we are NOT slavs . How hard is it for Americans to get to SA ? hi there , well thank you very much for your reply. it means alot that someone took the time to. i really envy your job. i want it lol. so were abouts are you from ? The way Jews work together with such cunning would be admirable if their works where not to such disgusting evil ends . I hope it gets the coverage it deserves and that white people need . Yep blame the grandparents parents plus school teachers . The two teenagers are charged with assaulting Rose Powell last Wednesday and stealing her car . I'd rather do that than just pack up and leave my country . https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... te-519823.html Only scored a 120 . Too bad you 're not in BC where I am . Hello I 'd thought i would join has my other half spends alot of time on here he might start to nottice me abit more Your in ya cell 22 hours a day here u dont in general walk around the landings . Fine with me as long as they do n't parade the city and demand `` gay rights '' ... keep it in the closed god damnit , homosexuality is n't exatly something to be proud of Is there anything to do there for a day or two ? Thieves and liars always think you 're stealing and lying . I don`t listen radio at all . True story You could have made one for prophecies . I wonder how they will blame this one on the White Man . The Diversity Dinner : Breaking Bread & Barriers - YouTube A lot of good comments on this video though , if you have a youtube account feel free to leave a comment on there . I 'm not sure if these guys are reds but I like this song . forming one little place ... a village or a small community that is purely White and that no other race can enter or interact with unless it has majority consent . im going to be moving from southern california soon to washington and i was wondetring how many people here are in the seattle tacoma area thanks steven I would not even use anything that man says winston churchill is the reason we are in this mess in the first place the bastard should have been shot Hi all , never posted in here before but ive been on sf for ages. live near london - but thinking about relocating up north ( i cant imagine why lol ) Three and a half hour after I 've told them the same , and they still keep talking on and on about nothing . You have to have your extreme papers to move here . Loved ones stood together at Chemung County Court to watch 35 year old Arteamus Wells appear before Judge James Hayden . Anyway i look forward to posting my veiws here freely and also look forward to hearing all of yours to . First I 'm not from Moldavia ... Forsetinn segir það hafa sent mikilvæg skilaboð til annarra þjóða að Íslendingar skyldu styðja sjálfsstæðisyfirlýsinguna . New Square Meats allegedly sold nearly 2 million uninspected birds to unsuspecting customers . Source She was muslim not sikh . What the ... Dr. Duke really drives into the nerve center of communism in this video clip . Now sit back down by the radio with your mug of tea and wait for your favourite BBC radio shows to come on and forget all about the truth . So , TALK TO ME !! - YouTube Been on blood and honour and think radio 28 is great We look forward to seeing you all in the PLE very soon . Wasn't that when Steve and Bean got their heads cracked opened ? While they are in prison the kikes should get the same food the regular prison population gets ... Mass white immigration is Ireland 's current scourge and should be slashed by 95-97 % .. More racist violence by blacks - this time the victim was a Chinese man : YouTube - Racist Blacks beat a Chinese man to death Please comment . The gay issue is practically non-existent in Romania , even though the local gay NGO organizes a yearly `` pride parade '' in Bucharest . If I was Ukrainian , I 'd sign a pact with devil himself to get rid of jewdo-islam Putinistan AKA Russian Federation .... I'm from France but it 's so hard to find any people who are proud to be white and who share the same ideas than me.Let me know ... : Let's not concern ourselves with an anti-GD video that barely has any views and will most likely only be watched by anarchists . Thank you . the.PLE.objectives ( helping.establish.young.whites/families.in.housing , jobs.etc. ) .Both.my.Brother. & .I .are.very.interested.in.your.program. I'm not sure . My new next door neighbors are Chechen and they have red hair and light skin . The indians and stanis will just spit all over the street . See her in other pictures and you will see how she is a typical slavic . i want to vote yes and at the same time i do n't.the way i look at it is either way we loose . Anglo-Bank/New Central Bank HQ , Truth-Graf Protest , Wednesday 5th June , 2013 . It 's about the preservation and protection of the white race regardless of culture . That's called white flight , and it 's why the city centre of almost every major American city is now predominantly non-white . I have no idea why they always have to fight each other when there are more important things they should do . Every one stop making fun of other people 's pic 's were all a white family.By the way all you lady 's on here are looking fine to bad i 'm only 16 . im not sure if the thread just died down or that was all the interest from Manitoba , I hope a few more read this and decide to form a commune A Memphis City Schools teacher will remain in federal custody for at least a few more days while her attorney tries to find a secure drug-treatment facility for her before addressing criminal drug charges . I dont see how people can ignore this issue much longer . French and Spanish are offered , but there is only one french teacher , as opposed to our 4 or more Spanish teachers , so the number of students able to take French is VERY limited . Here is one video that I 've made and upload to youtube , hope you like it YouTube - CROATIAN SOLDIERS - Strenth & Honor http://www.visioncircle.org/archive/003870.html Whites are far too comfortable over here ; every night is party night , so to speak . Hey, just looking for some fellow brothers or sister to meet with , im starving for information and Possible Klans to join. would like to be able to meet with people around my age but also older and helpful After knocking back a few guinness we got pretty hungry and he said he knew a great place to go get some food , i was disgusted when he brought me to a chinese restaurant . I try and avoid shops owned by.or employing non.whites too . 2508 Among black women , abortions out number live births by three to two . I am pretty sure you are a troll . I think having free healthcare and free education should be a given if you 're a citizen of the country you 're in and you 're not an undesirable . They are too dung stupid to be able to tap into the market . I'm glad to see miscegenation is n't occuring on a large scale ; I have high hopes for Mother Russia Once again it 's shown that we do n't need a majority in parliament to have an impact Also , those stupid white women who watch Oprah and not realize the fact that Oprah is very racist . There have been several bears , both grizzly and black , caught or killed here in C-Falls in the last month . A third defendant , the jew Gary Gelman , 39 , of Brooklyn , remains on the loose . Yes, everyone should check these videos out , as they 're a great way to introduce people to the idea of an open White Nationalist community ( PLE ) . Owners at bars dont even look at just have bartenders place on bar . All I got from that is ... So the government will keep me in track suits , vodka , and ' my first loot kits ' for my brood . Even stopped at a Mcdonalds and there was not one white person in there . Few pics taken this summer ... The parents who could n't teach on weekdays could teach on Saturday . I am new to Stormfront and was wondering who is from Tn . Israeli Embassy in Ireland had to take note of the graffiti giving their Jewish supremacists worldwide and in Ireland being given notice. scroll down to their 6/6/13 entry on their Israel in Ireland fb page https : //www.facebook.com/IsraelinIreland I'm not sure what sort of information you 're seeking but I recently found a number of Blacks who have been convicted for knowingly transmitting HIV/AIDS : Kouassi Adaye http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...de/3389735.stmJohnsonAzigahttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_AzigaStanislasKanengele-Yondohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislas_Kanengele-YondjoTrevisSmithhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trevis_SmithAdrienSylverNduwayohttp://www.thenownews.com/issues06/0...031206nn2.htmlWillieAtkinshttp://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcont....32a4d9fd.htmlNushawnWilliamshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nushawn_WilliamsSimonMolhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_MolEversonBandahttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv...=5&expand=truePeterMwaihttp://www.crime.co.nz/c-files.asp?ID=36WilliamKaranjahttp://www.amren.com/mtnews/archives...n_rapist_j.phpLinkoyMuhurihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3256352.stmMohammedDicahttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...on/3190626.stmFestonKonzanihttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/e...es/4267433.stmGabrielVengesaihttp://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liv ... n _ page _ id = 1770 They were in a living room sitting on the couch implying that they were a couple . The thing that concerns me is that he got a house off the council thats a house that a Irish family should have got . It then became a booming black town , and they ran it straight into the ground . Kalispell, Montana - YouTube Elliott shooting for the 1st time - YouTube Big Mountain with Grace and Dad - Shreddin ' the Pow - YouTube New years wheelin Montana - YouTube New years wheelin Wild Bill - YouTube Wild Bill New Years Wheelin - YouTube Kiss and make up kids , the real enemy is on our streets raping our women . ive seen some very beautiful white women and nothing sickens me more than to see them pull up at the mall , grocery store , or gas station and think damn shes beautiful then to see her open the back door and walk in with an oreo baby kinda makes you wish it was still 1940 here in alabama 16 ( Sorry for bad English ) I 'm also looking for friends male or female . They are a good example of people who are brainwashed . She looks arabic if anything . Educating the Lemmings in reguard to the Isreali agenda , which is fighting a war for the Jew 's benifit not America 's . It 's not very Irish to talk behind backs , Ted . I hope they all starve . Sad . They talk and talk and talk but before they ever accomplish anything they always have one bad `` ni * * er moment '' and end up getting locked up . Blacks in South Africa wondering why their country is going to hell when they put Blacks in charge . Yeah I knew about the cheap houses in Springfield area but not that dang cheap as 9K thats why I asked . Yes I have seen African Blacks driving those type of cars too . FANTASTIC!! I believe his dog would like to get as far away from him as possible ! I did time in Az. and out of the 7 years I was there I spent 6 in super max , but I am amongst the living once more friends , for almost five years now. people go to super max for all kinds of reasons . It would be far from the first time jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general , so they 're guilty until proven innocent . right on !! i want a lil ' rotweiler , when i het one his/her name will be schatzi !! aww cause it will be my sweetie !!! - val ! ( i love that smiley ! ) Just in case anyone is interested , here 's the thread in the Health & Fitness section : `` Eating Fish Makes You Smarter '' along with another one in the Homemaking section : `` Fish Oils and Pregnancy and Infants = Health Smart Babies '' I think the scientific evidence for the benefits of fish is just overwhelming . We have a new line of shirts comming out to help keep the funds comming in for the land base . The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie Trailer - YouTube Semmelweis University , Department of Forensic Medicine , Budapest , Hungary , 1091 2 . hmm, wonder if we can get them to jump in the river if we put an ad on TV that there is billions in gold at the bottom of the river ? I pray so too . - YouTube Heil Hitler ! Still , i prefer natives over every other non-white but Japanese and Koreans . The deer are so abundant that they wander into town all the time to munch on lawns . Cheers , Edward It where loads of them when I was in Thailand , Thaiguys running up from the water screaming `` Tsunami tsunami !! '' and behind them is a one foot wave They will kill there own just as fast as they would kill there enemy . I retract - always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a ( half ) human child . Blacks seem to be hell bent on embarrassing themselves and acting like animals everywhere they go .. this is pretty typical behaviour .. If you 'd like to talk just send me a message . Because you support an ideology which imposes it 's will on other people , and then you attack those people for merely resisting their own genocide After you realize that you will never be accepted equal to them you are welcome to come back . i would move to surrey just outside Kingston upon Thames ok Kingston is infested but outer areas are not too bad inner London is just a joke Simply put , they are AT LEAST 100,000 years behind evolved creatures on the evolutionary scale with no hope of ever progressing . The negress above have boasted about that she will become the first black woman as the prime minister of Sweden . Watch out Finland : http://www.nettavisen.no/servlets/pa ... = 3 & item = 217373 : attack I can honestly say that I have smoked weed and drank as a kid with many groups of WHITE guys and nothing like this EVER came close to happening ! Would be down in the new year to get together with other brothers and sisters . You laugh at us but I have yet to see a picture of you . Sergey Brin claims his family were victims of `` anti-semitism . '' Woman Brutally Attacked By 2 Men In Home Police Arrest 16-Year-Old , 17-Year-Old POSTED : Wednesday , November 11 , 2009 UPDATED : 8 : 18 pm EST November 11 , 2009 Michael Galan , 16 , and Jarve Green , 17 , were arrested by Palatka police . ( At 27 : 00 - 32 : 00 , 48 : 00 and 50 : 00 of the link they discuss Moscow Rules ) Smiley 's People - Part 1 ( BBC Spy TV Series ) - YouTube With our own civilians in PLE 's supporting us , even in little ways such as providing cut outs and safe houses , putting out propaganda will be much easier . The computer can be equally unproductive , but at least you have control over what you expose yourself to . 32-year-old Jason `` Jay '' Tate was found with Kelsey Sue Stahl 's car . You have to tell those people every sent you have , or commit fraud . Thank's, Ill put together a post over on the B & H site in the next couple of days to let people know about the PLE ideas and ask about adding a PLE forum over there . What do i know ? ?!!!!! ... There must have been about 10 of them , all black , and others coming in to join them . Its really sad how so many whites just don`t even care and there actually happy that this is coming to be . Not that it matters much cause you will still be pushed up against those wonderful minorities everywhere you go , and our children will go to schools where they are in the majority . But what do you say to the ivy who wants to become a tree ?? The biggest problem is new york.There are blacks all over the streets , when you 're in new york think you 're in nigeria . I saw the picture before I saw the title properly . http://www.azcentral.com/news/articl...glary1219.html = = = = = = = = = = = = About 10 p.m. Dec. 9 , police were called to Ed 's Fish and Chips , 306 N. Central Ave. , for a reported armed robbery , police said . Aragorn You are not worth my time kid so this is the last answer you will get from me because you are now on my ignore list as are the rest of the losers that stayed with jenkins . If you were deaf you would n't hear all the `` multiculturalism enriches our society '' rubbish . For starters it would be good to obtain a few hundred thousand dollars for a small farm , or a million or two for a bigger one . This past long weekend Aug 6th , 2007 , my buddy and I trailered his boat to the desert town of Osoyoos , British Columbia . Look at it this way : Most goths/emos/punks are white . And on another note , we have some news : Ruger Corporate Sturm , Ruger & Company , Inc. Reports Strong First Quarter Bookings March 21 , 2012 Sturm , Ruger & Company , Inc. ( NYSE : RGR ) , announced today that for the first quarter 2012 , the Company has received orders for more than one million units . 1wolf, What is the tight referring to in your slogan . Well all of us Chicago based people should get together then and toast this disgustingly loving soon to be couple with a round of good brew . That could be cool ! I 'm not suggesting anything here ... Two employees and one customer told police two men , brandishing a long-barrel rifle , stole the cash drawer with an undisclosed amount of money and fled on foot . So... are you telling me that your proof of your 10 % black London population claim is based on the possible artistic license of painters of London sceneries ? I remember after the Boston Marathon bombings watching Fox News and they said law enforcement was consulting Israel for advice . I'm in Australia and I want it to be done and over with , my mum is constantly going on about the Olympics like it 's a big deal . I include myself in those who need to grow a set of balls . There is no doubt the Chinese and Japs have giving the world culture . Observer14......... I kid you not there is not one white man , among tens of foreigners , all stressing great the work place pensions programme is . I would of never in a thousand years think that Ireland would allow nonwhites in there country they seemed to love there race alot . The 24-year-old 's body was found Dec. 21 in her apartment by officers who went there to check on her well-being . Hopefully they do n't get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our freedom - those antifa scum . I sat there for 5 minutes and then took the dog for a walk . I have this vision of a left christian screeching ' the meek shall inherit the earth `` as a member of the peaceful religion goes a chopping .... humour . Records or not . It was the same men who did all of it is what I 'm saying . No, I see that as giving up . Woman get shot by a unseen shooter probably hide in the building in an attempt to dissuad protester to take this building . Hey I 'm in Victoria BC looking to join email me at antoniopuffi@hotmail.com I 'm loyal white and ready to fight ! Hi everyone .... I 'm from Slovenia and I utterly hate every living muslim in this world ....... and I despise even the dead ones It is good to keep track of the enemy as well and see what they are saying . We are looking into building `` mud free zones '' by way of taking over key locations and building a refuge for our racial kindred . I think that World Star Hip Hop should be mandatory viewing for every single white person on the planet , period . There should be no doubt in anyone 's mind that the `` rabid dog '' act that Jones put on for Piers Morgan is more designed to HELP gun control advocates than hurt them . I wish everyone would leave them to their own demise so we can be done with it . Leaves me to no surprise . I grew up there but just moved to Santa Barbara for grad school . Yeah, but no one will ever hear of this . The Swedish Flag today was presented by a Nigerian Girl at the House of the President of Ireland , during the European Union Expansion Ceremony . AFA are their sponsored lackies . It will get better ... I'm really sorry to say that due to the land we use being under water due to severe flooding we 've had to cancel the event . Incredible range of animals we 've got here . MVI 0147 Dead Pig Stops New Mosque Construction ! I would think most girls would like to dress and look nice for their man anyways . I went to max for my crimes being of a violent and racial nature , i went to super max for violence within that maximum unit. there are people in Super maxs who only have a few years to do , it just all depends . Gang members targeted white victims in Denver attacks December 4 , 2009 http://www.kdvr.com/news/kdvr-affida ... , 2635245.story DENVER - Police believe a series of violent attacks in downtown Denver between July 17 and September 20 of this year were motivated by racial hatred of white people by the black suspects . Islam is not compatible with our way of life in this green and pleasant isle.Irish people are white and Christian FFS ! Source : © Kamla-Raj 2006 Int J Hum Genet , 6 ( 3 ) : 177-183 ( 2006 ) Human Chromosomal Polymorphism in a Hungarian Sample Kata Décsey1 , Orsolya Bellovits2 and Györgyi M. Bujdosó2 1 . Why is Ca the melting pot of America it is so hard to fine people that have the same views on our white race as i have ? No white person should send a single penny or lift a single finger to help them . Still snooping , eh ? Hello Brothers and Sisters Just wanted to let you know I had ask for a user name change and they approved it . You have your work cut out for you . I then checked Miss Portugal . `` Defend our Boarders . '' 3 . I would n't worry too much at all . Fight proud England , Fight I 'd avoid the Baldwin/Idlewild area at all costs , but everywhere around there is extremely beautiful , lots of nature , etc . Whites have the following Too many abortions , too many mixed marriages , too many no kids marriages , and too many liberals . Hi been looking round for a while on this site and finally got round to registering. nice to see a place where we can openly discuss our beliefs . Most probably the next generation Whites wont have much difference from the native population ! hello i dont speak german but i am a very proud white boy , and id love to chat , drop me a line This is the latest anti-white attack by a ' groid . If you would like to chat , please PM me. xox and 88 Gretchen Those poor kikes they cant even escape antisemetism in the country were it is punishable by death ( I am talking about palestinians ) Source I ca n't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama . To found a white community you must be in charge of all the elements that make up a community . I have no problem cleaning my own toilets infact I dont even hate it because after im done I know that there be the cleanest dang place for my buttocks to be sitting on the next time there is a need for a bowel movement . http://www.limerickblogger.org/blog/?p=2942 Funny how they consider Stormfront a `` neo nazi '' site last time I checked Stormfront was a White Nationalist website not `` neo nazi '' It was uncomfortable . ( Includes : one pair of baggy pants , one pistol , a set of golden grills , a looting guide titled ' But I dendu nuffin ' , and one race card ) Has anybody pointed out that Finland is n't part of Scandinavia yet ? ( Hur gick det i Finnkampen , vet ni det ? Imagine a bunch of people carrying these in their possession . Great to see you back Irish Rose . I knew I had never seen that name on here before and you have so many post then I clicked on your profile and saw it was you Lyn . hello, lisa ; i 's be de man yo ' am lookin ' fo ' . i 's got fo ' teef in mah haid an ' i 's be black lack a bowlin ' ball wif a nice shiny color. i 's got no job but mebbe yo ' kin git one fo ' yo ` f ? i 's be up in hollum ... wif lub an ' kisses. lub rastus hahaha ... sorry , lisa , could n't resist ! There is a survivor support page on facebook . Providing From Finland does n't kick my ass and throw me overboard ... coming or going . When are we going to stand up and say this has got to stop , that is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard . Stuff like that needs to be shared on Facebook to wake Canadians up . Naturally as a white nationalist i refused to eat there but my friend didnt understand why . Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare . I just hope it will be a wake up call for those who dont believe in our cause . So sick of the way its working , I remember when I was growing up in Winnipeg the little shops were all white runned and owned and would hire people from the community and it was great it helped people and kept streets safe even though me and others would cause some bull * * * * it wasnt anything to how it is now . Please tell me what the actions are in general . 23 year old man just went missing while walking down a river about 2 miles from me . Everyone on my MSN gets all manner of pics ( ) but I 've never put any up here so here goes Some pics from about a year ago and a small anigif from a week ago heh Robin I want to see Whites bused in there until the Latinos are a 30 % minority and not outnumbering the Asians , Blacks and Whites . if the expected war happens we better not put pride in charge of any units where navigating skills are required then . Last night all the Suckers we passed out to the wonderful little white children had a small banner attached to the stick saying `` White pride '' . White nationalism is not about a bunch of nationalists who happen to be white . Emily Tubb , 33 , of Southaven , who is in the English department at East High School , was indicted last week for alleged possession with intent to distribute Adderall , alprazolam and heroin . Police investigating hate crime at Toronto home | CTV Toronto News I just need to turn on a tv and I see it advertised everywhere , mostly African apes with attractive white woman . I saw this video on youtube Chechen Lezginka - YouTube Why do Russians call them black . The folk im talking about have been shoulder to shoulder with me for a long time and i will continue to show loyalty and respect to them as they have more than earned it 828 People.who.are.aware.of.Oildale , are.often.abit.int imidated.to.come.here , lol ! Yes , It 's.abit.lacking.in .spit & polish.There.appears.to.be.zero.in.the.Code. There a joke BNP FOR ME Americans acting like they know what they 're talking about .. You are telling me that 78 % of kids under 6 in Frankfurt are all foreigners ? There have been times when I have walked past some nigerian or skinny and they will cough with hand at their side without care for those around them . I've seen on the web he is making a new horror film called `` it waits '' but cant find that much about it We dont care about Alaska while it is not white land . William Shockley on race , IQ and Dysgenics - YouTube Cholera is most common in Africa , southern and Southeast Asia , and the Middle East . More Negro rioting , this time at a Black Panther Party rally : YouTube - NYPD Vs Black People , ( Macon st riot ) YouTube - NBPP vs NYPD London is a dead zone as far as anyone White is concerned , even Hertfordshire where it 's closest to London is turning brown . Besides that , there 's the Transnistria issue to be solved and the hard fact that Romania simply does not have the economical power to accomplish such a re-unification . TRUTH NO LIE . So ok We are not idiots , but We see and do not act . Just like this thread should be stickied . YouTube - Mad Max & Feral Boy Mad Max and Feral Boy YouTube - Mad Max 2 - Feral Boomerang Kid Feral Boy throws sharpened boomerang and kills bandits because in your first post there were already 3 foreigners.I do n't know about Bulgaria and Croatia so i can not speak . I like her dress she is so lovely and gorgeous . Like I have always said and will say till my dying day and beyond . hey everyone ...... i just joined a few days ago and am looking for anyone near virginia to talk to or possibly meet. i 'm 19 and looking for someone around my age if possible Lets keep it that way and not destroy it Check out this ice cave in Dobšiná Its frigging cold in there After watching these photos I got strange feeling they remind me somehow of nazi wehrmacht old photos . I only just got done reading about it presumably after it was already wrapped up , and the cake cut . Go figure . No one has ever asked my opinion and as someone said ... I do n't know a soul in this country ( well maybe our president ) who wants Turkey to EU ... Don't want to ruin the spirit of the mood , but are n't Russians for the most part Orthodox Christian , and they have a different day for Christmas ? Handyman admits to killing at least 8 Mass. women Bookmark this story for the next time some ignorant apologist for Negro crime claims that only white men are serial killers . I was watching the 6pm news and saw that women reporter with the headscarf . WOULD YOU PLEASE STRIVE TO READ MORE CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU JUMP DOWN PEOPLE 'S THROATS ABOUT SOMETHING . Þá var Persaflóastríðið og miklir umbrotatímar í Sovétríkjunum . These same people , must eat their stupid pills like they were candy . I can only dream of driving a car past at the time and then running the b .. d over again and again and again . He should be flagged and reported. skyyjohn 's Channel - YouTube EstablishedMen.com sent me on a blind date ! I wonder if living in an affordable mansion would make me `` mentally infirmed '' also . There you go , its okay now , sshh . The guy in this is acting . I'm fat , and have two cats . Kindest Regards JE . i live near albany but i could hang out with u if u want we could beat upsome unpure infidels if you would like - The case against the Elmira man accused of strangling and stabbing his pregnant ex-girlfriend moved one step forward Friday morning . yes there 's many of us in the Chicago area . YouTube - In the foggy dew YouTube - BraveHeart Music Video YouTube - Visit Scotland TV Advertisement - Winter Not sure about the message in the last one but at least it shows we 're a white country ! Reminds me of an old joke . Oh... and I was going to use this idea next time I met a girl . There's a place for Poles , it 's called Poland . I 'm a nationalist who belonged to the pre-Griffin BNP . To be honest .. i dont think this Muslim killed him because he thought the swedish boy looked like a racist ... it was probably just an excuse . These are the kind of stories that most of the time come out of India and Pakistan . I have got to start challenging myself . As a result of the hearings , both boys will remain in jail for the time being . No figures are available because none are made public . It was good to meet you and have some decent conversation & #x202a ; Father And Son Assault Leads To Death & #x202c ; & rlm ; - YouTube I consider it one of the greatest honors that I got to see the ultrasound . Unfortunately our official greeter Evaline has n't been about for awhile so allow me to bid all of you who have recently joined our little band of brothers ( and sisters ) a warm welcome. max Would you have been arrested if you shot them/killed them on your own property ? yeah i have lived in a few big american cities as far as big cities go though i think denver is one of the beytter ones 2508 Anti-racism is a CODE WORD for anti-white max The White males are made out the be dumb while the Black male is made out to be the smart one of the group . I think we need to take a stand in our homes across the country and around the world . You 're bang on . But in The Bible there is no verses that prohibit inter-racial relationships or mixed race children is there ? That 's my kinda place You will need to hit the translate button on the above link . Met some cute Florida girls up at Logan Pass today . Slavic peoples make up some 34 % of European population . I read recently in cold black and white print that there was around 10,000 nigerians in Ireland ... Now you say close to 300,000 ????! Streicher posed as a rabbi , then took her money -- promising to use it to purchase a torah , but instead pocketing it , a jury found in convicting him of grand larceny in April . 26155 Too many libtards , I would n't waste my time there . God willing . Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing/crossing in it .. year round ! Agree with Barrrytheanglosaxon with many points ... Oh ! https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... 395023 & page = 84 It is obvious that these people are having fun here , it is just too bad that they were interrupted in the process YouTube - Rare moments of the third reich Something seems to be funny YouTube - Maxi Biewers Lachkrampf [ YOUTUBE ] 5Syk36RbpHM [ /YOUTUBE ] Oooops YouTube - DEA Agent Shoots Himself YouTube - Nigga Moment [ youtube ] sH2DNWk6u1A [ /youtube ] I apologize to all Stormfront members from Russia for this one . And no of course you not going to lay down and let them do what they please . As long as she does n't look like she just came off the set for a rap video or wears sweatpants in public I 'm pretty flexible . The big problem is that some swiss are backing this colonisation ! Its time for Ireland to cop on and stand up for itself , This whole EU thing is a heap ! That all changes when they have to live around them . France has been gone for a long time , we will have to retake it later because there will be no French people in not too long . The bible is n't jewish . Lol ( obviously not 90s .. but it would be 50 up here and 30 in Florida . I'm glad you can walk in those things . Are there any normal people left ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRh48AdAS1A RACIST HATE CRIME - YouTube What to Do About Racist Behaviour ? ---------------------------------------------------- Please do n't delete this , it is not an attack on Kondor 's Nationality . Last two times I saw , I saw zero ) I cant believe i actually wasted several minutes of my life reading that page . They are of Mediterranean type , it 's normal because of the temperature to have darker pigmentation , than fellow whites from western and northern Europe . Ireland is a strange place for ethnics as there is no pakis But there main ethnic problem is Chinese and Africans Did not see much race mixing among men when I was over last time Suomalainen totta kai ! Listening to Matt Coper this evening tried to do some digging around on the above story and this is all I could find `` More PC Rubbish '' http://www.veritas.ie/App_User_Files...rticle%201.jpg Its the rural towns that would allow a community to go unnoticed and unattacked at first . Is n't there some middle ground ? The next time I see her on TV3 bitching about the latest immigrant gripe i 'll * * * * ing die ! May they always Rest in Peace , my prayers go out to them . -Zoe I bet all the Ted Pike stuff is on the ADL hit list , look for that to start disappearing down the memory hole . I was always under the impression that there was always more women in the world than men . Itt a legtobb Kanadai anti-rasszista , aki meg nem , az fel kimondani az erzelmeit , mert ez sajnos a multikulturalizmus oraszaga . Yeah but what you have to remember is that the jews are cunning and would probz slither their way out of it and justify their right to bare arms by use of the pro jew media and without a doubt the old holocaust excuse. our race would not be to blame most of us are brainwashed from a young age by T.V or schools its are job to wake them up comrade and defend them for we are fast becoming a minority in our own countries PDF file : http://www.mediafire.com/download/4w18ocon384cx6c/WN-Debate-Booklet+12-09-13.pdfMSWordfile:http://www.mediafire.com/download/7ic1n7oq7jidz22/WN-Debate-Booklet + 12-09-13.docx Watch the 10 hour video version of `` The Zionist Attack on Western Civilization '' @ http://trutube.tv/video/14247/The-Zionist-Attack-on-Western-Civilization-Pages-1-33-Part-1-of-4-Banned-from-YouTubeNotepadPromotionalYouTubeComment:http://www.mediafire.com/download/96fg6ft02lyfruz/Booklet _ White _ YT _ Comment _ ( Hyperlinked ) .txt http://www.mediafire.com/download/zcn3wozjbwnezms/Booklet-White-YT-Comment- ( Hyperlinked-Back-Up % 5D.txt http://www.mediafire.com/view/9uyudq1yuxu1dur/Booklet+Comment+%28Firefox%29.txtOriginal2minutepromotionalBOOKLETvideo@http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = n663eVTSyS8 Are you interested in helping spread the booklet download link across the world ? Stop race mixing and discourage those who practice it . Police intimidate and threaten to cite or arrest white woman for a sign on her house/yard saying `` I rent to white room-mates '' . The bodies of Melinda Nicole Brown Allen , 31 , and her 8-year-old son , Ethan James Michael Brown , were found Wednesday night . Shoe Bombers , crotch bombers , 9/11 and Israel has now been seen over 203,000 times ( in less than 2.5 months ) . But the camellia idea is great . In an effort to tie the thread back together .... Hmm... let 's try again , viewing by number of asylum seekers per 1,000 population . Where can I find NS speeches and music , also historical , in mp3 format for free download on the net . Can anyone confirm if the Nuclear Plant has melted down or not ? ( I sincerely hope that it has not melted down or has been damaged in a dangerous radio active cloud spreading way. ) That is where we people differ .. Go to any major retail mall , the Kitchener farmers market , etc , and its absolutely teeming with non whites ( asians , blacks , hispanics , muslims of all colours , and God knows what else ) and race mixers , and yes I hate to say this but from what I saw the other day many more white women doing the race mixing than white men . Los Angeles County sheriff 's officials arrested 53-year-old John Ewell on Saturday night , just two days after the killings . I do n't know who is the owner . Thor Soderberg , 43 , was shot and killed at 61st and Racine . I enjoy outdoor sports , although I never went fishing before . Share and prepare ! They have caused their own hate from the nations by their hate for everyone else . Certain cultural practices just tell you volumes about a people , do n't they ? That is the very definition of genocide . Why Bedfordshire Needs Kevin Carroll as Police Commissioner Listening to this music brings back memories of all my visits to Russia and Ukraine . People in my circle of acquaintances are a bit obsessed with IQ . White people have guns also . Every summer there is some trash that rolls through the town and goes on a thieving spree it seems . Does anyone know where I can chat ? You 're telling me that there 's something we Swedes have done right ? Exactly. They all smoke like crazy , especially the girl with the Three Stooges haircut . Sorry, but what they did was just sick and wrong . i have never been noticed in a crowd for my tattoos.i have never seen anyone walking in a crowd just looking and concentrating on people with tattoos . Like I said earlier the English have been subjected to a far worse campaign of indoctrination than the rest of us . Read a few books , listen to music and stick to the internet for both entertainment and research . Not an answer I 'd expect from a mod . Ireland joins International Task Force on Holocaust Education , Remembrance and Research Ireland has been accepted as a member country of the International Task Force on Holocaust Education , Remembrance and Research ( ITF ) . I'm down for that , and I could bring along some other WN folks . Send me your phone # I 'll call you when u I land in heathrow I 'm just gonna leave all of my money and all improvements I 've made here . I mean you can find tons of pictures of people in the Middle East , India , North Africa , etc , whose physical appearance is no different from that of a European 's . David Allen Snyder , age 26 , died on October 18 , 2009 at his residence in Findlay , Ohio R.I.P. David Allen Snyder Obituary at Coldern Crates Funeral Homes The jury took only about four hours Tuesday afternoon and early evening to convict Cornelius Patterson Junior of the October , 2009 murder of 26-year-old David Snyder in a Jennifer Lane apartment complex where both men lived . That is persecution . Have you ever ridden your dirt bike to Florida ? YouTube - & #x202a ; Black Male Rapes 10 yr old Deaf Girl , Claims He Thought She was her Mother & #x202c ; & rlm ; YouTube - & #x202a ; Robbers shoot customer & #x202c ; & rlm ; YouTube - & #x202a ; String of robberies by Urban Youths continue in Lincoln , NE & #x202c ; & rlm ; We do import more food than we export . Elizabeth Please, feel welcome to learn more about the history of the Macedonian Patriotic Organization , its traditional Bulgarian character and the activities this organization provided for the community and its goals and purposes of today . I feel your pain .... Formed aeons ago , as a vaporous state : HE-SHE . Below is a message that was publicly displayed many months ago on the website of the President of the United States . In fact , I ca n't remember when I last saw one . Not good news at all but this happens in all European nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of Jews like Summer Redstone and MTV !! Perhaps the proud indigenous inhabitants of Dublin do n't want their culture ' enriching ' ( ruining ) with tripe like this . ImageShack ® - Online Photo and Video Hosting TinyPic - Free Image Hosting , Photo Sharing & Video Hosting Image hosting , free photo sharing & video sharing at Photobucket Just another sexual predator running loose . You are welcome , Ross . Leaked phone call shows Newly appointed Jewish government in Ukraine behind sniper attacks on protesters and police | European Daily News.org Thank god for the internet . Like cats for example . I wonder how any times this same video was posted on this thread . They were stopped by army patrols . Thanks for the plug John , closest group of NA to Kansas City I know of are some of us in Omaha and the St Louis Unit . Then why not simply copy this text ( & links ) and paste it into the description box of your YouTube videos ? White people tend to raise their own children . Of course , they are more virile than us , so that would n't happen would it ?!!! http://www.guardian.co.uk/print/0,,3...117780,00.html Executive summary : the negroes never domesticated any plants or animals . It is that whole thing about Standard of living being the most important thing in peoples lives and what they strive for and base their self worth and the worth of others on that is a huge obstacle we need to overcome . That 's telling worthless s.o.b.s like Cheney what they can do with their cheap words and crocodile tears . TY! White people ca n't just be left alone , can they ? I have searched the User CP section but cannot find any way to do it ! Besides news and night-time shows .. Its shocking But a new PLE friend in Sao Paulo introduced himself by e-mail this morning . Has Don Black or Jamie Kelso announced a PLE in their home town yet ? Let 's hope it stays and the New Year brings in more people like this great man . uh the thread is about how i am never going to find a guy because i am way too picky lol Demarco Harris is facing life in prison for killing Trisha Babcock They will be coming to your area to live soon.E-mail our minister of intergraton and thank him for his good work.Attachment 78265 I think I will post one , I placed my profile on Eurodate a few days ago . I had to ride a bus downtown in the mid 70s , to take the test for my ham radio license . White babies are by far our nation 's most precious resource . http://tlt.its.psu.edu/suggestions/ ... entsHandout.pdf or . . . Let's hope he 's right , and that the heads of the Marxist elites currently ruling Europe start to roll . As a matter of fact , I do kinda notice that among them . Try www.amazon.com or other book sellers . I think most Stormfront members would agree.Iam here to promote a white Ireland like other members and to warn others about the treat of Multiculturalism and Islam in Ireland Front page of this weeks Folio Weekly ( free , and well-worth the price ) : Cover Story Running Like Crazy A new breed of fun runs with color , glow sticks and zombies leaves purists wondering what s next Jahshawn Marconi , Michelle Krueger , Carley Glasser , Britta Fortson , Madeline Fortson , Marisa Kenyon Zahariadis , Dillon Hawkins , Cody Burton , Sam Costanzo , Marci Gurnow , David Martinson and Sean Nagorny DENNIS HO What a maniacal & satanically twisted group Bush has hitched his wagon to . True point . Often they have rosy cheeks as well . They have a few of their own shops , a food shop by the bus/train station and a clothes shop where they sell FUBU and other assorted gangsta rap crap . Take it somewhere else and stop wasting space . As early as 1973 , they tried to hand Northern Ireland directly to Dublin . I saw your girls on VH1 , too . The red scum will never wake up , ignorant lefties fight for `` their class '' when their making a mockery of their culture and heritage . commie scum .. I utterly want to vomit after watching this disgusting pro invasion of White countries ad . I watched the video and my observations are that the music has very little in common with bulgarian . So.. she is getting food stamps from a state she has n't lived in for months ? It 's there . YouTube - Detroit : Gang Battle at Funeral Most of these MODs are gone now . Partly visible and partly invisible at all times , PLEs are based upon standard community organizing practices that even take into account the factor of opposition . Sean,welcome to our hate community r u from new york city ? if so i 'm sure u have some stories or racial issues . I also attended a Masters/PhD graduation ceremony at a major state university a few years ago - none of the CS degrees were awarded to blacks. [ a couple computer degrees went to blacks , but they were in IT with a focus on internet marketing/web-commerce ] So where are all these black computer geniuses hiding ? just posting to say I got a month of community service for stealing lightbulbs out of a place I was renting + a 280Euro fine. compare that to the black rapist a while ago who got off scot free . I'm interested in knowing if they 're slavic people or are they arabs claiming to be Ukrainian or other minorities using the title of Ukrainians ? 2508 Look on in jealousy !!! 2508 These people have no idea about who they are or where they came from and any knowledge that they do have has guilt attached to it . Just to make it clear to someone who does not bother to read the attached links . Council of White Patriot Voters Open Letter To NAACP Over Gay Marriage CWPV Open Letter To NAACP Over Gay Marriage - The Council Of White Patriot Voters That goes for all shades of the republican movement . Very interesting . I agree with you , but at the same time this particular group makes white christians look very bad . Is that couple in the second picture with the dark yellow background an Asian female with a White male or is it something that looks like it designed to send the same message ? Our country is being over run and people let it happen just because the political issue here seens to take over the racial one . Ca n't wait until tomorrow ! Heard today from a colleague in work that a load of Roma Gypsies set up camp at the red cow as the government would not house them anyone see or here of this ? They would perform a rape test and get the evidence immediately . when I was a little kid I used to be in this school and somehow i spoke to this jew. this dude got a narcissistic laugh out of every blonde joke. his favorite was when the blond went to donate semen by using her mouth as container. sad but it 's blonds fault also to let this happen . Thank you my friend for posting on our section ... Neanderthals are classified either as a human species or a human subspecies based upon which scientist you 're talking to . North Irish militants forcing police from their homes Police in Northern Ireland are being forced to flee their homes by nationalist militants stepping up attacks on a force they consider to be a symbol of British rule , a police official said on Wednesday . Latest reported attack on students by the local Negroes was on a couple out getting a pizza in the late evening hours , 4 Blacks jumped them on their walk home . I can already see virtual AI girl friends coming out of this . No wonder this country is in trouble Imagine the groids licking their big lips when they see all those unsuspecting tourists walking around . YouTube - Dr William Pierce discusses `` Haiti '' YouTube - Dr William Pierce discusses `` liberals '' YouTube - Odysseus ' Way by Dr. William Pierce YouTube - Dr William Pierce discusses `` black inventions '' **** off bulgar turkic peice of * * * * and * * * * ustasha KOSOVO belongs to SERBİA get used to it however much you hate serbs , also by the way Makedonia belongs to Greece not bulgayria Welcome, this is the greatest site to meet like minded white folks like yourself from all over the world . I had a few problems too but then again I had a few problems with some of us Irish as well , so ca n't complain More impulsive Negro stripping ... Most likely Putin was not behind any of the killings , but certain criminal gangs from Caucasus or corrupt members in Russian military/security agencies . If you are interested and capable please send brief resume to : Steeltoe69@worldnet.att.net More details will be sent to acceptable applicants . So far as I have seen , it has n't . This is why libtards and Jews call us white supremacists and get away with it . Mongol England . http://scipio.uark.edu/cdm4/item _ vie ... ISOBOX = 1 & REC = 2 It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not . So here 's where all that missing bank stimulus money went ! Im living in Burnaby , all i see is Chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the British Empire ? Tom, follow the links following this message if want to be prouductive ; otherwise we have to delete the messages of those who spread the message of non-community and defeat . Or call us on 085 2455043 between 9am to 10pm , Mon to Sat. Thank you , Michael Quinn . It 's good to see a fellow Arizonan who is racially aware , though . I'm glad we 're all hanging on in there . Worker: Thank you , I took a note of all that information and will use it to the best of my ability . Hoping she recovers and has learned an important lesson . Gentlemen, I remember you that all the posts not in English will be deleted . And a damn fine job of it for sure !! ... people know their nationality not from books but from birth and they are exactly what their parents told them that they were .... your case is different you are telling to your parents that they are not what they are telling you that they are .. that it a case in a billion 18 times in the last 20 years 9 times in 130 years .... I finish drinking and then I drive . Yes, no nationalists have appointed a Jewish prime minister so I 'm not sure why any one but an anti would claim as such . The cw are a nationalist/white pride group and have been around since 02 . Looking for klan , skins in my area ca n't seem to find any around ... just want to hangout get to know new people .... if your out there let me know ...... We need to get ahold of everyone and plan something this weekend . I am so tired of it . Oh dear , Full on white genocide right there . YouTube - Black guy throws baby into traffic YouTube - White girl gets beat up by black girls in front of the bar YouTube - African American flash mobs terrorize Philadelphia yet again YouTube - 6 Black Women beat latino girl for bad karoke Sounds like when I was down in Collier County last summer . Lervik does not sound like a name on a person but is rather a name on place . New Supreme Court Justice Lord Dyson JC Article . I myself like to use Euro pride world wide in a collective effort . We need to make sure every white child and adult is fed before we worry about helpless people who have to eat cow crap in order to survive . Looks like Obama has lived up to his legacy . It just shows how superior Atlantic Canada is . Like a car trying to beat the train . 2508 one is one too many , i bet all the white girls and wiggers go crazy for the young coon , whichever school you are in , wigggers outnumber metalheads or `` normal '' whites Wow, that 's a mouthful . One !!!!! per county , ....... heartbreaking ..... absolutely heartbreaking . http://projects.latimes.com/homicide ... t/blog/page/1/ Maybe you can bring BBQ , I mean Critter sauce ... i feel sorry for her if one of her daughters did die but the harsh reality is she has no connection to ireland and she must go.as a mother it is her job to protect her children in Nigeria.every Nigerian who has a problem cant come running over here I hope my negroes beat your negroes . People will say that the disease we brought killed most of them , but huge numbers of them died of an unknown disease before Columbus came into contact with them . There's no reason to drive cars with engines larger than 7 liters either ... What is better ? From 1990-2010 Canada brought in over 200,000 immigrants 18 timess !!! 9 times in 130 years ..... Ive never herd of one even actually happening but i would think that it would not last either.if you dont get along you never will. cant force it . You can send it to us at drmradio@ymail.com. Andre Gide French critic , essayist , & novelist ( 1869 - 1951 ) mine was when i was about 5 or 6 , she was the same age. julie was her name blond and used to hum while eating , i remember the kiss was in the bushes behind a garden. last i heard she became a jehovas witness. ah well . Welcome . W.W.P A mans game where every now and again all the players get together for a nice cuddle ? The image of an advertisement against race mixing speaks for itself . Tralee is a disgrace , the place looks like a town in africa nowThe day Ireland becomes a muslim country is the day i stop breathing ! Azer Syria Georgia Greece . I actually celebrate Black History Month . It's no coincidence that they all seem to have similar storylines going at the same time , they do it to reinforce the subliminal messages . I give myself 20-30 years to make people see , I think I 'll go into politics here in Iceland and do some good Welcome, its always great to see new members on . http://www.nature.com/news/2011/1109....2011.518.html This site is great for our cause .. It tells a whole different story through DNA , not political BS . Hiring someone from this website should ensure we do n't hire undesirables . Can you or anyone else think of any more of these good one liners ? those are golden I 'm going to use them on some cards im going to hand out . We MUST .. stand together This dived and conqer bullcrap has got to end .... now ! The only thing holding us back are our traitors and the 40billion anti-european people of the earth that flourished on our technology . Pakis are all about forcing their culture on us . They 're so close that many believe we interbred , you ca n't interbreed with a chimp . Good work . Hi i need some information to understand the meaning of the negrogreek homo and the race-mixer tag of the HELLENIC THREAD . That 's like the class where you get credit for learning how to sleep . HydraDeck Humans - YouTube If you ever ride the L in Chicago pay no attention to the color codes . Neanderthals did after all have the largest brain of any human group that ever lived . Good to see WN is back in Limerick it might counter balance some of the bleeding hearts down here who thought it was fashionable to have ethnic diversity Badboybillx If whites did have some knowledge and a little more recognition was put out there I think most of them would feel a little more pride of who they are and stick to the white race . It is always nice to meet people who have the same views as yourself . Bottom line is , waht are the ethnic breakdowns of each immigrant group admitted for the latest year available , if anyone knows ? diablo I wonder why the Irish media are so obsessed with this site . Hundreds of people , but no blacks ! Do they discharge soldiers from the military if they get STDs or letting them stay and allowing them to put their comrades at risk ? Maybe if you 'd have gone down to London you could have marched with hundreds of nationalists in the very centre of our nations capital ... Good luck ! 11 ANU.ORG is the address read and enjoy ! Of course it sucks that we will perhaps have a left winged government that will throw most of that money away on immigrants and aid to african countries I out lasted them because I follow SF rules . Get out the vomit bags ! YouTube - Black kid sets teacher on fire . http://www.islandnet.com/~kpolsson/d...s/disn1965.htm March 14 The NBC TV network airs the Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color show , featuring Kilroy , part one . Hopefully someone will moderate this thread . just saw a hershey 's commercial on tv , ca n't find it on jewtube shows a White woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess I wo n't be buying that stuff ever again Thanks for your reponse . You can grow fruit there . Wow . The female of this type is often extremely beautiful . Hail to the new King of Norway ! It 's usually the `` gangstas '' that use this pose .. and some scene kids , but even scene kids listen to ( c ) rap / hip hop , so .. There are only two outspoken artists - Steve Hofmeyer and Sunette Bridges . . Everyone in Ireland has a duty to make life as difficult for blacks as possible if our children are too have any kind of future . INTJ Introvert ( 56 % ) iNtuitive ( 62 % ) iNtuitive Thinking ( 100 % ) Judging ( 56 % ) You have moderate preference of Introversion over Extraversion ( 56 % ) You have distinctive preference of Intuition over Sensing ( 62 % ) You have strong preference of Thinking over Feeling ( 100 % ) You have moderate preference of Judging over Perceiving ( 56 % ) Most of the time they are quiets sheep who want to intergrate but their children makes a new generations of thugs and prostitute . You make it sound so romantic , more like a bunch of sickos sacrificing a child in pennance for the sins they have commited over the last year so they can start a new year of muder and robbery with a clean conscience . 11 There will be no change as long as White people perpetuate the excuses and profit from being the enablers of such behavior . I will say I love God as much as I like . Few more pictures from Slovenia https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 196 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 197 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 206 https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... & postcount = 207 The sad fact is thesame thing goes on worldwide . That's not even close to what he was doing . Apparently the story is that the white woman flipped off one of those groids and they all came to gang up on her . If I were in the audience , I 'd clap till my hands were numb . More black-on-white hate crime videos are posted here : http://ethniccrime.blogspot.com/p/ra...-on-video.html I guess it is the `` Automaidan '' . Well done guys lets keep sticking it to the system ! He far excelled Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov . Except , of course , for those that pander to the filthy sons and daughters of Satan like ' ol Sandra here . Looking at things it was shown up till about a three thousand years ago no mongoloids existed in the Tairm basen area . Im surprised C18 wasnt mentioned , they always are when the OB smash the EVIL neo = nazis Yellow press at its best PDF file : http://www.mediafire.com/download/7p3p3goadvvqvsf/WNDebateBooklet_2-14-14.pdfMSWordfile:http://www.mediafire.com/download/psezkkk4d6a3wt1/WNDebateBooklet _ 2-14-14.docx Watch the 10 hour video version of `` The Zionist Attack on Western Civilization '' @ http://trutube.tv/video/14247/The-Zionist-Attack-on-Western-Civilization-Pages-1-33-Part-1-of-4-Banned-from-YouTubeNotepadPromotionalYouTubeComment:http://www.mediafire.com/download/96fg6ft02lyfruz/Booklet _ White _ YT _ Comment _ ( Hyperlinked ) .txt http://www.mediafire.com/download/zcn3wozjbwnezms/Booklet-White-YT-Comment- ( Hyperlinked-Back-Up % 5D.txt http://www.mediafire.com/download/9uyudq1yuxu1dur/Booklet+Comment+%28Firefox%29.txt2minutepromotionalBOOKLETvideo@http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = _ 8hg254ALpM Are you interested in helping spread the booklet download link across the world ? But I`m also sceptical for this story . If that stopped the worthless thing would starve ! Lions , Tigers , Cheetahs , etc are all cats but they ai n't the same . I plan on going to work and making myself some money . None of my relatives have brown eyes , obviously . Gradually morphed into a Biological Aristocracy : Europids : The Sons of the Aryan God . Refusing to register as sex offender after molesting a 14 year old girl . In my opinion this whole gay thing is fashionable now because of the media who constantly force it down your throat . I heard he turned down the offer of a 5 year contract with Valentino to pursue a very lucrative extremist lifestyle .. I grew up outside of crAKRON ( a small version of Cleveland ) . These two elements in your comment are quite baffling . I heard from friends in Boston this is true.Blacks will attack an Irish America with a shamrock tattoo.How long before this happens in Ireland ? Just ran across this letter from Finland written by a non-racist . I hope you respond . Maybe we could get together ! And thanks to a great mother her son will grow up to be a proud white man Btw is that the famous cat from hell We are badly outnumbered . Or is that impractical for some reason I dont know . If he is that is even worse , the race traitor should be hung Right. The flag should have the leaf thingy and a mix between the French flag and the George Cross of England to show the ethnic heritage of the White Canadians Since your genetic makeup determines your physical appearance , as long as those photos are of authentic native born people living in Non European areas , there probably are some Non European peoples whose genetic makeup as well as physical appearance differs not in the slightest from that of Europeans , then they must be considered white , so there probably are non European whites . I 've seen interviews of them and they seem trashy . I refuse to believe it ! Yes, I hope and pray that my country will stay clean as long as possible . If it was the other way around and it was white on black we would never of heard the end of it I do n't think so . Somebody please give this kid a quick lesson in history , geography & irony before I throw my iPad against the nearest wall Not much for natives here where I live , though every store is all philipinos it seems . Lovely young lady even with the tassled hair or early morning frown : For the record ; I do n't think you need a coffee . Being a racialist means you stop trying to hurt other White nations for the sole selfish interest of your own nation . The Western teen was naturally grossed out , and then they cut to different scene . ^ ... And I now have a new contender for the top space on my list of traitors to be hung when Europe awakens . We do n't want you in Lithuania or in the USA ! It was great I got to tell my funny jokes and get a reaction . LOL, ye she is gorgeous and a great talent as well . Whites in Canada need to wake up and start realizing they are slowly losing their rights . I think they are going to have to do a better job of trying to show where the ' bias ' is in these SAT 's . I live in CT. and if you want to reply , my email address is bclaw23@hotmail.com ~ EuroCatB ~ I accidentally pushed some button , I do n't know which . >>I would love to visist Ireland and eventually move there . Yea their is ! YouTube - Multicultural Enrichment ( stop violence ! ) I find it kind of funny that they include no women in that picture. perhaps they didnt realize women are integral to a nation. otherwise i think its a great idea and wish them best of luck . 10.24.2010 MONTEREY PARK , Calif. ( KABC ) -- Deputies have arrested a suspect in connection with a double murder of a couple in Hawthorne . This used to be a nice white city , lots of German immigrants etc . Hails ~ Indeed! Kanal 5 only shows American garbage shows and reality shows like `` Big Brother '' . another coon giving out about Ireland and as if her opinion counts being second generation London jamican only means her mother was a filthy immigrant who waited till she got off the banana boat to give birth to her litter Even when the rest of the world has daggers ready to strike at your heart , you still show them kindness .. Never Enough - YouTube FPV Hexakopter flight over the base village of Whitefish Mountain Ski Resort . How about I pop through to your city and we can discuss this face to face rather than you skulking behind your keyboard ? The new census has shown some 9.2 million non whites in England and Wales , this was a properly done census in my opinion and has shown that the white population of the UK is barely 50 million Well, the entire world is being brain-washed by Judeo-American films , today everyone has a Jew in every corner of your house . I 'm very grateful for all help . -- Police said the suspect , Abraham Allen , hanged himself after the murders in a Pennsylvania home where the couple used to live . Teach our men to be men again and defend our countries and women folk against the non white . You are very entertaining . i'm new to the missiouri ozarks. looking for aryans to talk to , and aryan princesses to meet. i 'm from texas ......according to DUP Northern Ireland minister , Nelson McCausland : Northern Ireland minister calls on Ulster Museum to promote creationism | Politics | The Guardian Hmm . I keep sticking to the fish and chips for safety sake .... Amen . What an ugly hag I just made a visit to L.A. I have no words to describe the racial situation in this city . ( Now over 16,000 Downloads ! ) Who reported that they were Jews and had an Israeli passport if there was an immediate media blackout as soon as these facts came out ? Fogalmam sincs hogy mennyi lehet itt . But you are most welcome anyway Ugric _ Warspirit . they sent many of the irish immigrants over hundreds of years ago during one of the first ever drafts I beleive . I would like too see white people get together and get us a white pride day I feel like im the only `` white '' guy here .... Anyway if anybody is in the New York area let me know ! : attack Either it was straight out the ass of god himself and divine or meaningless and devoid of all reason . I knew that we would find out that it was the ' new Irish ' cultural enrichers behind this when I read the story yesterday ! Just download it and enjoy . nice to see another maritimer , the south shore is a beautiful place , i ride down that way a lot on my harley , i live in the annapolis valley . Scumbag swine Churchill . It is very hard for average Whites to see their own disenfranchisement , let alone realize that it is planned . we all want the females that are smart and look like top model but imporant is to ask ourselves : do we deserve ? I would hate to live in Dublin with all the foreigners there now . Was there actually supposed to be any evidence of Celtic communities in NZ contained on that page ? But it seems that you 're a little uncertain about yourself when you ask ' questions ' about your own nose .......... That's vile , but I ca n't say it 's a big shock , their culture seems to glorify that sort of behaviour ... You my brother are a great nationalist ; and I can only hope that your truths find their way into the hearts of our nation . Why would we first start in a city ? Capital D which promotes a multicultural Dublin . My Mind 's Eye - Small Faces - YouTube Translated : Worthless talk ? Wow. That's either a White guy who 's been exposed to a nuclear fallout or a Black guy ( how many Blacks do you see at Tour de France ? So contributing and participating in any way to opportunities to instill pride in White ethnic heritage and even White American ethnic heritage will go a long way in helping them recognize what is being taken away . Let them , their families and anyone who knows or like them have their children burn in front of them and watch their flesh melt off of their bodies . If you look on http://www.audiogalaxy.com and type in the name of the artist in Latin characters you can find a lot of songs , especially by the more popular musicians . They should be tried for being accessories to murder !!!!!!!!!!!! - YouTube Angry large black woman goes ham on angry young black men - YouTube white man cokes black man and than throws black man off and beat him up . ...mating with other mulattos would be ideal , but since there are n't huge numbers of mulatto children compared to those of Whites or blacks I 'd rather see them up with blacks so that White bloodlines stay intact . I usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident/incident.I then phone them and find out what has happened . Everyone keep on spreading Dr. Dukes videos around the internet and we will soon win the war . I doubt you can actually get close enough to the antis to pass a flower . There are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc For a start teach our women to respect themselves . Karina Sorensen is a member of the Danish Peoples Party , a pro-Danish heritage party . Police threaten woman for requesting white housemates . As it 's very common among most animal species as well as just females are generally considered to be more necassary if you will . Click on the `` DOWNLOAD ( 7.39 MB ) '' link . Rosanna Davison I think is her name . Sorry, for all who have lost a loved one . It was good to see proud white British people celebrate our lads , the crowd was all white , i wouldve gone if id known it was happening , the traffic was bad today , ill bet thatll be why proud white British people celebrate 2nd Signal Regiment Malton and Pickering Mercury - `` Throng welcomes soldiers at parade '' 104.7 Minster FM - `` 300 soldiers welcomed home in York '' Darlington and Stockton Times - `` 2 Signal Regiment march through York following return from Afghanistan '' Obviously there was sorrow for Lee Rigby and his family , we are outraged and very angry at what happened to him The maker of this video originally thought it had melted down , but now feels it has not . Over my dead body am I ever going to apologize for somethign happened in the past that I had no control over and my family was n't even in this country during that time . God only knows , these people have no respect for ANYTHING not even their own . Hello! I 'll be at that show AND I 'm a brunette . These are much more important in my estimation . Boy, those same blacks get awful mad when you have a sign saying `` No to a black Africa '' , then it becomes wrong . I cannot say that I am happy about supporting welfare mothers , but I can firmly say that I prefer supporting a welfare mother than a murder-clinic . I went on the EDL page last night and I saw the funnies thing . Is n't it interesting how genocide is a crime until it happens to Europeans ? In this newest video I am posting it is relevant to this particular thread at 3 : 55 mark , though I suggest watching the WHOLE THING ! This is definitely the most informal thread I have read about the jewish problem one thing I dont understand is the fact that most jews seem pretty white and the bible says king David had red hair is there a difference in the dna of most jews and europeans or is it mainly a just their condensening holier than thou attitude . These moslem filth hacked there heads off it took about 30 seconds ! 2508 Did the message vanish ? White Chicago Cop Killed With His Own Gun In Attack From Behind - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum R.I.P. Yep the bottom line is without a strong family behind her a young girl is very vulnerable .. The Jew knows this and Glamorises the Negro using its media power , here we see the results . Hey Braveheart , I am almost 20 years old and I am a 5 ' 6' ' , blond/blue , 120lb female . Children of 8 are ' racist ' if they miss Islam trip : School 's threatening letter to parents is met with outrage | Mail Online Is it true in Norway , the spoken and written forms of the language are totally different ? As for a white person being of wholly or mostly of European descent Im not so sure of that . 1330 WFIN News with Tom Sheldon and Scott Jennings - Findlay Ohio False information and bad science is right . The media will praise and encourage the non-white establishment while denoucing and degrading the White man 's establishments . Maybe some Asians will complain because a Asian kid is used for the adoption when most Asian countries will not adopt out to gays . Probably a good idea for you to keep the TV off . The fyromians have always been coming onto the Greek thread for months spewing false history and we provoke them ? Gotta travel light , governor . Dave you live in frigin Brampton ?! http://foreignaffairs.gov.ie/home/index.aspx ? id = 87353 Get out of here ! My mom and I went to the Huckleberry Festival in Whitefish this weekend and split a ham cheddar and veggie crepe at Amazing Crepes . Protesting at a funeral ? http://www.netsonic.fi/~jade6/empiric/immigrants.html This is from the back-file at Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting the Pioneer Litte Europe strategy . Hi chandra ! I wonder ???? 11 I m just over on the other side of the country . I've never heard of this but I guess that it would be based on the amount of food our country produces . This is from Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting PLE - and its local militant front Legionism . I have lots more pics of Godunov if anyone ever cares to see them . Mr. Schiro , the latest suspect to be charged in the killing , was arrested when a .22-caliber handgun , possibly the murder weapon , was found in his car . There is such a thing as a human race but different sub species . To hell with what this creature thinks anyway . Nothing too major here . Искористи неки сајт за хостовање слика . A Glorious Future for us Europids , is now ushered : Kritayuga : The Golden Dawn . At the link just below , I 've been urging our brothers and sisters in South Africa to run that message or a similar message on that site every month : Malaysians , Venezuelans , Chinese let White House broadcast their agendas Yes, I have very rarely seen Scandinavian-looking people with brown eyes . I read that over 1500 cars participated . Every beautiful place on Earth has to be ruined . I just came in from my night job or I 'd look around a bit more . You would be luckey to see a real Irish person on the TV these days .. BTW .. update coming soon with info on my drive back to Florida . The goal of this poll is to figure out whether or not you view the White US troops in Iraq as your troops ? You need to join a Nationalist organization so you are more part of the scene such as the Nationalist Party of Canada . When `` Kursk '' was sunken in august of 2000 , we all heard during the first days , that the radio link with sub is already established , as well as oxygen sypply link . Probably not . I wonder what is under the Gobi ? I wonder if many blacks or Asians have died in a similar circumstances . But if White people find a user for a plant native to Africa , the negroes want a royalty . Here is one : YouTube - Grußwort von Matthias Faust ( DVU ) auf dem NPD-Parteitag 2010 It's a great book but I doubt you can find it in English on the Inet . Hey do you have a permit for your eyes .. coz eyes like that are lethal a man can drown in' em The pourpose of this post is not to promote an Islamic Ireland . Help your race , your cultural heritage and your genes survive , have children . It 's time to sharpen long knives . Freehold !!! Yeah. Demarco Harris , a 13-year-old black boy , murders a 24-year-old woman sitting in her car , and tells the court he was forced to do it . So I 'll use the same one for the most part . I got stuck next to a really huge black woman who stunk to high heaven , and spent the entire ride with my face as close to the window as I could get . As dead as David Lane and the Fourteen Words are in the eyes of some , yes , he 's as good as dead . where can i get more info on PU , like how big it is and stuff ? also want to get some better info on `` natiocracy '' and `` social nationalism '' If so could I get a link ? It is hate if we disagree with this ethnic scum and no hate crime if they attack us . Get it right . Looks like JJT has again taken the lead . I always laugh when I hear Republicans say or imply that the British government is/was anti-Republican . They are totally adorable ! I really like this idea . Please enjoy this video of a lovely young lady signing a song from the opera Jesus Christ Superstar : http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = ws6X-zV _ Wgs EU apology for ' racist ' pro-diversity ad - YouTube For God 's sake nobody cares about this childish personal crap . Israely Zionist indeed prepeared the Georgian attack . It refers to people you find in Ireland with very black hair and very pale skin . From what I know they 're almost exclusively Nigerian asylum seekers . Here is another view of this very thing : Song of Albion There are some really good words of advice for White Nationalists in the last chapter ... should get some people talking . 2508 Don't think you supremacists would ever be able to build up the force of resistance that Irish Republicans did mate . Taking money from Oregon taxpayers , while 1500 miles away . Don't bother . I've lost count of the many SF MODs who wanted me to leave . But the dance itself has elements also found it Bulgaria . 32 They know what happened or not . I already tell my friends here all about you ... I feel dirty after just touching the railing on one of those things . I will most likely not be invited , but if anything should come out of it I hope you will share the news . Holding up signs that say `` God hates fags '' is a bit much . I found it to be pretty interesting , and I hope you all had a Gædelig jul ! Yah it is sad to see and if the Irish dont quash it soon the last of the Kelts will be gone from the world . twylytegrl-again , I live in SB , I almost went to that faire , send me a pm ? Take care . unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year or two please just go back Russian , we dont need or want more slavs I'm not sure if these people are in your area , but they 're in PA : American Nationalist Union P.O. Box 426 Allison Park , PA 15101 http://www.anu.org/ This is the animal who raped and murdered the six year old white child above . I too am from cali , but moved out to utah to get away from all the filth . YouTube - Cops taser a violent drunk 12 year old Negro robbery and assault : YouTube - This kid 12 year old KO ' ing a cop with his bare hands and outrunning KBert-9 s for several blocks Thanks to all responses , Deathstar 69 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Mod Note : I was going to move this off the board , but I decided to leave it here with a warning instead . UC student robbed at gunpoint : ' It can happen to anybody' It's going to get bad when this comes out . The next world cup will be the greatest murder and rape fest since Katrina . Here are a few of my favourites by Dr. Pierce ! I feel sorry for people living in Texas , i live in Australia and i always thought Texas was a basically white exclusive place to live . We are far closer to being neanderthals than apes . glad to see so many people out here seems like we are few and far the way things are out here http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCATRE75S52620110629 I'm too old ( 38 ) , but I live in Tucson . Here is some sound medical advice and some swears from the Macc Lads . Do you mean ...... Israel 3rd Worldwide in ' Millionaire Growth ' in 2009 - Finances & Business - Israel News - Israel National News ------------------------------------------ John just wanted to give this a bump up. we have had a few good people coming to our weekly get together and would like to encourage anyone else interested in meeting and networking with us here in Calgary to feel free to pm me . There just has n't been any complainers recently but in those glory days of e.g. Pontifex et al complaints and protests were commonplace and everyday occurrences . Paying for sky sports is nearly as bad . the younger limerick crowd say the gangs from moyross are in regular fights with the poles they go around in tens and when they meet all hell breaks lose its very like in east germany with the poles and working class irish . White nationalism is not about superiority , it 's about the 14 words . Have you slavs that live in the West ever seen these Western Devils and their obsession with American football . Could a Norwegian poster give us Non Norwegains a quick run through of the likely or possible turnout of the Election . and the Poles decide to up and leave therefore devastating the Irish economy as every man and his dog are telling us what are the potential ramifications for our welfare scrounging visitors from far ashore ? This was enforced to control behavior . Not even other races mixing it up with each other , its whites mixing with all . Ssupreme88 Hey momofsix .. to have six kids is a great gift that you have given our race and for that i thank you they are lucky to have such awesome parents as you two so lets talk tomorrow morning and plan our BBQ , I just went to the grocery store and met a new arrival who happened to have just arrived . Only posts in English , please ! Dare I say , the Whole world is now looking to Ireland with much pride .... 18 times in the last 20 years It 's time for the next generation to fight back to regain our country ..... the baby boomers will lose it for us if we do nothing . I also dont drink and drive . The person blood and honour interviewed claimed that their are no white power groups in ireland at the moment . I do / will continue doing all of the above . Great Avitar , I need one myself . I'm curious too but what happened is still wrong in so many ways , no matter the race of the victim . If I have to start compartmentalizing I use Nordic and Heathen How much longer are we going to wait for them to take care of themselves ? New Supreme Court Justice Lord Dyson | The Jewish Chronicle 4 out of 12 . ( Source of quote. ) Golden Gate is nothing but Hispanics , with some Haitians thrown it . It means `` muddy bay '' . You might want to phone your favorite radio show host Alex Jones and educate him about the bankers . still looking for white people of the same belief to talk to or maybe hang out.stength is in numbers and georgia is getting outnumbered as we speak . That'll be a ONE person average per county , and a sub on the bench in case anyone gets injured . No, they are the fastest land animal on this continent , so I think they are simply testing their speed . I think the Jews hide in liberal Sweden , in the idea that nobody would guess that it is somebody other than Scandinavians at work . Literally no whites When I lived in Naples when I left it was a lot of non white , but nowhere near like it is now . I'm from a place of 20 ' 000 and it 's 97 % white , come white people ! Who knows , maybe what has reached the ears of the majority is just deliberate disinformation designed to create confusion , while their real agenda remains safely concealed . History Today had a good write up about it.They pointed out that the left wing writers and historians have twisted the actual events to their favour . And that small group , properly radicalized , is the target audience of our propaganda efforts and shall be the nucleus of the new order of the ages Understood , SF Bulgaria ??? 22270 FlaNative62 Nor poison your body with alcohol ... nor listen to music at a very loud volume ... Went outside for recess , and noticed two niglet boys being hostile and ready to rumble , and I figured right that they jumped on each other after returning to class , grabbing Niglet Number One , hauling him outside and pressed that panic button again . I will at least never willingly pay to see this propaganda , maybe just watch it for free to show the influence the jews have got in the white genocide to people . No further words are needed . I have a dream - one of these days Black occupation of America will be history ! The Armenian DNA R1b -- 32 % I -- 38 % R1a --- 6 % J --- 6 % Source : Authors : Michael E. Weale Levon Yepiskoposyan Rolf F. Jager Nelli Hovhannisyan Armine Khudoyan Oliver Burbage-Hall Neil Bradman , Mark G. Thomas Title : Armenian Y chromosome haplotypes reveal strong regional structure within a single ethno-national group Hum Genet ( 2001 ) 109 : 659 674 DOI 10.1007/s00439-001-0627-9 Received : 14 September 2001 / Accepted : 14 September 2001 / Published online : 30 October 2001 ORIGINAL INVESTIGATION M.E. Weale ( ✉ ) R.F. Jager O. Burbage-Hall N. Bradman M.G. Thomas Centre for Genetic Anthropology , Departments of Biology and Anthropology , University College London , University of London , Darwin Bdg , Gower St , London WC1E 6BT , UK e-mail : m.weale@ucl.ac.uk , Tel. : + 44-207-4043040 , Fax : + 44-207-4042081 L. Yepiskoposyan N. Hovhannisyan A. Khudoyan Institute of Man , Yerevan , Armenia R.F. Jager Faculteit Biologie , Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam , Amsterdam , The Netherlands http://www.ucl.ac.uk/tcga/tcgapdf/We ... 01-Armenia.pdf Table 1 Y chromosome haplogroup frequencies in six Armenian regions ( determined by paternal grandparental birthplace ) and eight comparative data sets Extract Ararat North Syunik KBert bakh Iranian West Turkey . Agree with the rest , the recent transfer window says everything , hundreds of millions spent on a few players . Macc Lads - Got to be Gordons - YouTube Black metal is about preserving European culture and values . It's good to see someone actively trying to make a difference and reach out to people who otherwise might never realize that there is more than one side to any belief . Africa is a hole area of natural resources and only made mud huts from it ... what wild life are able to make even better huts ie birds THANKS And you get credit for that ? Seriously Canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , im like you I do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in . I think it is a bit late to think to look after the safety and the future of white people in South africa . Education is the only way to beat this .. Prior military experience desired , 21 years of age or more required . Anyways WELCOME ! Theres a wealth of information and alot of great people on here . Defeats the bloody object of having an ignore facility if one reads the thread , doh , Pray all you want my God wont count ' em You now have a new friend from Pembroke Pines , Florida . That 's the only beach i 've ever been to and then again i 've only been 4 or so times , the first time I went I saw 3 skins , two being guys and one had a panzerfaust shirt on and the other had a big swazi on his lower back and it did n't seem like he was getting * * * * for it in public , then I saw a few other 's on later trip 's , you 're not alone comrade . We get the occasional mention in papers like the Guardian here and of course journalists look in but as far as I know that 's it . There's more than a little evidence that modern Europeans are at least partially descended from Neanderthals . In light of who `` brings it up '' I would imagine that , like all their other claims and accusations , this is wildly exaggerated . They 're all `` Brown Lines '' . You are a true friend of my serb people ... These groids went haywire when they got in there and found themselves a white girl . I also have been talking to a person from Denmark , and I learned about gingerbread , dancing around the tree , and the various customs of Jul ( Dinner , place presents under the tree , desert , dance around tree , open presents ) . Check out this commercial that just aired on tonight 's show : http://www.myblackisbeautiful.com/ And for the record , `` My black is returned to sender '' More negro savagery : YouTube - Detroit : 3 Black Males Murder pregnant white woman . Since you are new let me direct you to a site that also has good info and puts out a paper called the Nationalist Times . More money for Norway ! I have to go now but I will post as soon as possible . This is from Stormfront 's Advanced Scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting PLE - and its local militant front Legionism . the entire system of classes are a marxist invention. the judeo-bolsheviks are using this to divide our society. in other words ' Divide et impera ' . https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/show ... li-525314.html According the Sweden research. the report clearly show it in figures . I agree , it is about time to stop this , it is the same story every time and nothing good will come from it . Any purported `` holy book '' which says such vile & despicable things as the talmud says about Mary & Jesus cannot come from a place of goodness.Jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick God of their love & fidelity by pretending to honor him . And I have probably said enough on this for now . Their singing was too cute . And there 's lots of water ... with trout and other fish . I have n't rode a bus since . Well that 's your misery I hope this will help : 1 m = 100 cm 1000 mm 1 " = 25,40 mm = 2,54 cm = 0,0254 m 1 ' = 304,48 mm = 30,48 cm = 0,3048 m 1 ' = 12 `` Then ... start calculating Thanks everybody for your input . A more apt analogy would be if he went to a party and showed up to find a small group of whites standing around while darkies kept pouring through the door and acting like they owned the place , so he joined some of the whites in complaining about it . Indeed, I have n't seen or heard machines raping or robbing people in the streets of Stockholm yet , non-european immigrants however ... That is not against the rules , to discuss theology IS . In america we have hate crime laws . Thanks . It's a shame that universities of Canada import black and brown people . Come back home and buy a house near a forest full of game .... To which one should reply that they are a bunch of soft bellied women of whom their ancestors would be ashamed . 1st video , there are more non-whites than just the black girl 2nd video the white guy and asian girl both wear red shirts to create that subconscious association . The whole area was Aryan . After one day , there wasn`t a byte of new information about this . You should have heard of him becouse he is the greatest chess player of all times . R.I.P my brothers and sisters for you are all heroes to me i need say no more cause actions speak louder than words . Where can Whites go and be left alone ? Video: Black pack attack http://www.worldstarhiphop.com/video ... tI6vq3R26UYif8 Pack of blacks attack teen White girl in restaurant , drag her by her hair into the parking lot , beat her ; refuse to allow her back into the restaurant , continue to beat her while black onlookers laugh at her humiliation , pain and suffering . Driving around the governmental buildings and blocking roads . Maybe the Centre spent all their money buying Nogger Black ice cream to keep people away from seeing this awful racist product 100 C.N.N. Had story about this case today and said White Nationalist are using the story to help recruit people for there cause . In August , I will be driving up a completely different way . There are entire towns in various parts of Texas I have heard that will kindly show black folks right back the way they came from . YouTube - Broadcast Yourself . http://www.guardian.co.uk/russia/art...772175,00.html Attaboy , Putin . In Eternal Combat with that Satanic Spirit - The physical incarnation , creation of the Demiurge : The Jews . Unfortunatly I am going to miss the 21 of march , but on the 23 me and about 10 other white nationalists are going to put several thousand copies of the white nationalist newspaper nationell idag in mailboxes . I 'm not a nig and need a day off to smoke blunts and drink 40 ouncers . The problem is that through western elites we have to feed and look after useless savages like malema . Only Mr. Smith had no prior criminal record . Muahaha ... I've replied to a few posts by guys in the past and got no reply back , so some of us ladies ARE actually trying I live in a large American city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority . hi, I am a 20 year old female looking for someone to talk to and develope a relationshp . I posted a thread in Stormfront Ireland the week before about english hooligans slashing an Irish mans throat , the thread dissappeared without explanation . Still , this person is intelligent enough to see the facts and include a lot of disappointing news from that country . Ever since SF came back on line people have adopted a more aggressive line of debate , the threads I have been on seem to have gone that way pretty quickly anyway . Who controls the media ? How can you advocate for NS and simultaneously declare its CORE defining principle a `` blasphemy '' ? Some of them are Jewish , but most of those complicit in the betrayal of this country are our own flesh and blood , which is the great tragedy of our times . We have already taken too much that we do n't need any of those people on our soil . what about it. that 's exactly what I said and I meant every word he thought I might and that was enough and with you two talking behind my back like some jew what do you expect me to say have a nice life . In England there are whole cities that are almost majority ethnic and hundreds of schools with no white children ... That is just disgusting and completely immoral . I like this video : Die Antwoord - `` Fatty Boom Boom '' ( Official Video ) - YouTube Girl dresses in blackface , shows Africa is savage , and makes fun of Lady Gaga . I just wanted to pop in and say that I wish you in Ireland the best and sincerely hope that Ireland is n't too far gone before enough people wake up , see what is happening , stop it and preserve Ireland . There is no Planet X. Let 's stop talking about it before we start looking like crazies . But we must need to be able to name these characteristics to have credibility , so we need to collect anthropological and genetic evidence that will prove there is a white race . Man that sucks lol ... One of them is black and the other looks white . Would it not be better to sack the black workers and employ Whites from the camps . hello my name is shane i live in eka i like to surf talk be around kids enjoy people the arts have fun camp fish love my mom have a few close friends but a big support system i go to cr its good i like it also if you need more write me back Welcome to the Ku Klux Klan : Knights Party Your more than welcome if your predominantly Irish in ancestry . Quick . Is it also true Swedish/Norwegian/Danish people speak a different language but can understand each other ? 26155 I think the only connection homosexuality has to Christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of Christian churches . The title is White Nationalist com , but it should read White Nationalist companies . ``RiceArrives in Lithuania for NATO Talks . '' http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4466747.stm Go Home to Africa , Condoleeza Rice ! I was here before and thought I saw a chat room a year ago . I find this news to be astonishing . I have seen her live in concert and took a photo with her , you jealous ? I live hour south of Regina . All of the security guards i see are white but maybe , just maybe , i 'm blessed because no doubt these negro security guards abuse their power . Here are few examples of Gregorian Chant : YouTube - Gregorian Chant Benedictinos YouTube - Notre Dame Gregorian Chants 12/28/06 YouTube - ChantCD St. Thomas Aquinas Seminary - Gregorian Chant Funny they had to go to 2006 to find anti-PLE sentiment for a 2011 news story.How was that a current news topic , lol ? http://www.japantoday.com/category/n...a-bound-flighthttp://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn...071301714.html Uzodinma Iweala is the author of `` Beasts of No Nation , '' a novel about child soldiers . For instance , the U.S. lets in about 900,000 people legally every year , while Canada lets in about 225,000 . Damn , I 'm cool . - YouTube Big Mtn snow makes great dog flips - YouTube New Years Eve Fireworks and Torchlight Parade on Big Mountain - YouTube Negro Parolee Strangles Elderly White Couple In Their Home , Suspected In Another Murder ... Has anyone been back to this zoo lately ? So I do n't know what to think ? If there are any of her family with any dignity left they should do the honourable thing and let the air out of her tyres . Booklet updated on Dec. 9th , 2013 . Are there any English language links to read about this ? Egyet se ismerek . I'm not looking for a date , but I wanted to reply to get your thread to the top of the pile so that other people will look at your site . I know I will like it so I order it instead of trying something new ... I was driving near USC and It was ALL darkies . I think it 's quite ironic that they want to ban the burkha when they look like they are dressed in them themselves . Shoe Bombers , crotch bombers , 9/11 and Israel Created on January 28th , 2010 . WELLSBURG, W.Va. Sørensen , 19 years old , was born April 8 , 1982 in Kolding . i relized fear one morning. the blare of the fox hounters sound. when they 're all chasing after the poor bloody fox. it is safer to be dressed like the hounds . Its only a matter of time until we become a hell hole like Sweden or the UK . It is cool enough that you 're happy about your Nationality , it is not that this talk is about , so relax , comrade !! i dont get to newport very often but whenever i do go its got loads of asians wandering around , mostly muslim by the looks of them. i live a couple of valleys over from there . - YouTube May the wigger sister and parents be haunted by her death for the rest of their lives as it is in effect by their hands and actions that their sister and daughter was murdered by this beast . He and Roosevelt deserve to die a thousand deaths . This is because much of the disenfranchisement is by way of destroying White cultural identity and pride . It seems odd that alot of times there 's such a black and white concept for people pertaining to the will of man . If you search around you can probably find `` hoax of the 20th century '' for free on the net . Damn, Finland is closing in on Sweden in this poll ! So lets do it to the beaners . Anybody in New York ? Theres an aborigional day , black pride month . not sure where I got them mate , they look like they 're from a magazine though coz they 're scans of photocopies it looks like. will find em and post them Harsh punishments for rapists . Twp . I felt the same way when I first made an account ... a few days ago I 'm quickly realizing I DO belong here , it 's just a matter of getting to know people . I live in Stevens Point . Yes and in the meantime you forget that you belong to a Nation . Glad it made news your way the truth must be told but have you noticed it says it is not a racist attack , Oh but we all know the story shall it of been some poor black bastard bashed to near death in Dublin eh But what do you say to the ivy who wants to become a tree ?? He 's not bad looking either . Then why are you posting on Stormfront ? Finding ourselves having to live here in annexed Aztlan is all the more reason to band together . http://www.newportcity.blogspot.com/ There has been a constantly stream of money from the white man 's hand to `` anti-whites '' It 's basic knowledge : If nature did n't provide it , your body does n't need it . yes it is dying down the only way we could beat our problem is by voting for BNP in the next election If you need a good dog , you ca n't beat a bull terrier , strong , loyal , great with kids , and have a bite pressure of up to 5000 lbs per square inch , compared to a Rottweiller which is 500 lbs per square inch.Sarge2506. Persze , majd egyutest alakitok , es csinalunk jo hazafias bulikat . Welcome CA1784 , ROY BROWN , Th0r , dan23uk , ourtimewillcome and Glasgow Girl . I watch fights on gay parade in budapest together with my friends from hungary , we were together on vacation in one croatian island , it was great to watch how hungarian nationalists were smashing gay parade btw I have some hungarian blood , my grandmother was hungarian Kitartas ! Pigs bladders were not used there , and the footballs were made from Camels doings . As of December 31st , 2013 at about 8 AM PST , the booklet had been downloaded 16,270 times and counting . As far as im concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river.Lets see if daddy jumps in to save them ! Many years ago maybe , there 's no ammo for them anyway , rather send a donation of a few thousand M4 's I 'm thinking he would look slightly out of place in the ghetto , but hey that 's just my opinion . Nothing in it 's lyrics are . Thank you Reaction65 .. I have to admit I do n't think I 've ever met a Briton ??? and I am English , so you must know something that I do n't know ??? , good for you . I wonder if that 's in retaliation for Loyalist mobs attacking Catholic homes with little interference from the PSNI last week . I came across this site which I thought might be of interest to anyone who plans on setting up a community http://www.dancingrabbit.org/index.html Their not WN I know but we can still learn from them I think . Never know , they could find you or me or anyone else undesirable in their eyes . You hit the nail on the head there . I'll ask you cuz you 're the fanboy I mean ' expert ' ... he wrote the truth and you dont know if he is white or not as none knows who post here is a confirmed white . Yes, we are but you will find these people are often Nordic as their subrace . Whites shoudl clean their own mess ! I certainly found none . Verdiløse snakk ? I 'm glad we were able to get back to NS in the NS thread . I just bought two CD 's featuring the Russian Radio Chorus Orchestra , Orchestra Vladimir Avramow , and St. Petersburg Balaika Ensemble playing such songs as St. Petersburg , Why Should I Be Sad , Dark Night , The Long Way , Wolga , So Many Days , Nastassja , Two Guitars , Fields , Hai-Da Trojka , Bandura , Tschubtschik , Troika , The Cossack , Our Little Village , Stenka Rasin , and many others . I guess we will never know until we try , we may surprise ourselfs ! Acting like an animal show 's nothing . I think you underestimate how many times I have actually taken different tests . After all thats happened since the end of apartheid it amazes me how whites in south africa can still look up to mandela . When a race no longer has the will to protect its women then it 's well on the way to extinction . It makes me laugh every time the liberals complain about mugabe 's failed state , as their the very people who helped create it . I saw a white person in Scarborough once . This is an awesome post ! Consider yourself ignored . Japan REACTOR - RODS MELT ! Sad but true . The fact that she s casually announced this to the country functions as a make-shift IQ test right there . That s because of your reputation ; not your looks , love . The deceased couple was found gagged and bound Friday afternoon in their home on the 4100 block of West 142nd Street . Are they playing old stuff or newer stuff more ? A better board is going to be more likely to recieve donations . I believe that Ireland needs a WN party and quite quickly after the amount of non whites that I seen while in Dublin . Perhaps when I retire . Let 's see it get down to zero ! Swede I ve been to cleveland several times for concerts and such but can only stand it for a few hours than i have to go . its the same way in denver. i dont even think anybody speaks english out here anymore. i love this town but i think its time to go .. I proved that fyromanians are blind people and if I show them picture of beautiful white bulgarian girl and not told them that she is bulgarian they will see at her as a white european which is it , instead of calling her `` tatar '' or `` mongol '' which is not . Well said , the point of a PLE is an organic community , in which we are all free to express our own spins as we wish ... Its only 3300 miles , that s not so bad. > Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom . I was there and I must say it 's great museum . It was a brutal war . Watch for child and interracial porn to be found among the ashes . He was despised by the EU as was a nationalist and therefore stood for everything that the EU was against. ie. pro family values , proud of his culture etc . Fifteen years on and they still blame white rule . WTF Well done liberals you have ethnically cleansed a 20,000 + yr old race of beautiful and unique white people from their own country This is a sick and vile crime I 'm crying when i look at those pictures i do n't care if you laugh and say it 's gay to cry because my people will no longer exist in 100yrs 20.000 yrs destroyed in 100 My beautiful race dying ! i do n't know what to do Being a smaller country , Ireland will quicker fill up with ethnic scum . I think the topic starter 's point is if your a dissident of the American government and its foreign policy dont bow to Putin who is no better than we are in the US I just cannot understand someone wanting to risk losing their lives or limbs halfway around the world in a conflict that does not concern Ireland at all . Hi there best way to lose the pounds I use to be 395lbs I tried very diet program on the market 4hr at gym very 3days until friends told me easy way to kept the pounds off it may sound funny Don t eat anything white . I didnt know that bar was owned by a negro i will make sure i will never set foot in their again i was in their once !!! How is it possible for someone to construe my post in this way ? If you had your way their would be no whites to pay taxes so the blacks could collect welfare and as they have proved in Africa they are incapable of feeding themselves I assume we have the concept that those who are themselves not in a PLE might be willing to invest in one . SEX: MALE RACE : BLACK D.O.B : 08-24-1950 HEIGHT : 5 ' 11 WEIGHT : 180 EYE : BROWN HAIR BLACK In Custody For : 001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' ! Hello takebakamer1211 You are not typing to yourself , we can all see your message . Wake up White People ! Antoher 1500 singers from other countries were here also ( mostly from Finland ) - and I only saw 1 black and 1 asian there . This is my first post . ****ty for me I just moved here 5 weeks ago , I 'm getting turned down left and right when i look for work I am in Southern Georgia now but still open to other possibilities . hey everyone , i dont know really where to post this , but im new to the board and would just like to say hello to everyone. so ... hello ! This story could came from the very twisted news of the first days , when hostages were taken . They are lighter skin Negros now ... Thank you for your kind words toward my nation , my friend You are always welcome here - as a friend and as a brother ... we will see each other on WNN also What a pathetic loser b ! tch ! : goof Maybe it skips a generation ? It's probably a combination of the sexual tastes of homosexuals ( toward the adolescent ) in the agency , and the racial agenda of liberals in the agency . It was Stormfront been shown on TV3 that made m join the site . - `` Something about black '' and the old favorite `` Once you go black you never go back '' 12 kindred Spirits , the best of the White Race : convened with unity of purpose : saving The Sacred Gene Pool . Oh so we cannot post on this subject because at this moment in time we are not in the same AREA as you .... WHATEVER So I will wait maybe untill next spring when I go to LODZ And JP should wait untill he starts school this winter in Bratislava THEN can we post ?? ......... PLEASE SIR This whole situation starts to become really bizarre . Clast, good luck in your search ! Then how come the only ones they arrested in connection with those attacks were active FSB agents ? Most of the info on this site is out of date but it has some interesting information on the groups/orgs that have come and gone over the years . Get the dogs out and track him down , I say !!! Yea that will work . Why have n't we thought about that over here ? To be honest I have not heard in yrs of any skinheads beating anyone up what a shame it should be an everyday event . Real shocking ... i was realy upset afterwards So if a fellow white man rapes my daughter or kills my brother I should let it go because he is white ? If there is a black event and very few Whites show up its the White people who are racist for not coming . Deliberately trying to eliminate an identifiable group is an attempt to commit geNOcide under the Law of Common Sense . Uh oh , looks like the mods are all away on summer vacation Are any of those anti-leftist comments by you guys ? living in America , this board is starting to give me hope ! It used to be the churches in your own community would take care of people facing hard times ... Jacksonville police said Brian Williams broke into the home on Braddock Road while the family was out of town and baked brownies , drank orange juice , surfed porn websites and loaded up the victim 's car with bottles of liquor . Maybe you should encourage all the blacks to go there since they want to move there so desperately and the rest of you white americans should come to SA . Typical i suppose in the eyes of the law he is just another tourist beaten on sydneys streets oh yeah and we all know if it was a poor black fella bashed it would be on the news for weeks on end and mr whitey would be branded a big bad evil racist You will get my unreserved and total support ! According to the poll there 's still a resistant bunch that 's still got the confusion of the devil in' em , but we 'll keep working until they turn around . I sometimes wonder who actually runs this country . Bobby van Jaarsveld - Kyk Waar Is Ons Nou [ Official Music Video ] - YouTube We can all have a dance and feel good for a while . Well you are too your family tree comes from Macedonia also the white part of it anyway . I want people to be shocked about `` minority '' takeover , and to react by building community with whites where they were chicken to , before , and to have white kids . I Can tell you right now if a black mob is threatening my life and burning my town I 'm going to start shooting . A good old bit of nostalgia from the days when there was hardly a blade of grass or a coon on the pitch . Haha Doze gangstaas don kno sheeeeiit bout pimpin Nothing like the good old days with the size ten in a cell to have a vicious criminal begging a Garda to stop so he could confess , eh ! It is time that we stop talking about losing ground and start doing something about it . No I will not be buying guns and bullets . They crave attention and wo n't hesitate to cause a scene at the expense of someone 's reputation . SUOMALAINEN ÄÄNESTÄ KANSALLISMIELISIÄ KOSKA NYT VIEDÄÄN VIIMEISIÄ !! I'm waiting on a new computer so i will scan some in next week when photoshop is reisntalled ... In Africa it is traditional to have lots of children and they bring that with them to Europe . String ' em up ! The Official Website of the British People 's Party A few unpleasant truths re. the zionist ass lickers of the DUP I do n't think anyone is insinuating that we are equal to non whites , or that we would ignore white nations . Hi, I am 26yo from Glendale AZ . Certain individuals like to claim some form of ' moral high-ground ' in our racial fight to preserve the White race. irish republicans hidden jewish past ..... As an Irish nationalist I would never want Northern Ireland to be independent , that part of the population that consider themselves Irish would still be a minority and would still suffer victimisation . http://exopolitics.blogs.com/files/eu-collective.pdf Have a read , this was wrote in the 70s . DUDE GETTING JUMPED - KNOCKED OUT - THEN ROBBED ON THE EL PLATFORM IN PHILADELPHIA - YouTube White Guy Robbed & Knocked Out By Black Thugs - YouTube Nigga Moments of crackheads - YouTube They are internationalist-Marxists . These deaths are barely reported on the local level , much less the international level . All their coworkers are white , NE asian or indian/paki , except one guy worked with a mestizo for a few weeks on a project . Im sorry that many people in my country are stupid . I have to go to work now . Thanks for the kind words in a pm . Maybe you need to move , but honestly I think it 's that way everywhere unfortunately . A happy St. David 's day to all of our Welsh compatriots ! Hang in their it will happen. seems it takes some woman years to figure out they dont like being treated bad. keep being nice but not a pushover . Protesters Clash during Military Parade in Barking Hey j.p. i called the number you left me in my mail a couple of weeks ago but they said they never heard of ya , i e-mailed you back and havent heard back , shoot me yopur #again . [ 85.362 ] [ 228.275 ] March 21 The NBC TV network airs the Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color show , featuring Kilroy , part two . When Don Black says I am not welcome at SF I will leave . DRM Radio will be broadcasting it 's second show , live this coming Thursday the 23rd Dec , 8pm to 10pm on http://drmradio.ubroadcast.com/ Listeners to the show are welcome to send us material they would like to have read on-air during any of our live broadcasts . I wonder if they 'll let me keep the extra euro if i say i 'm ' ' unwaged ' ' . We distribute propaganda , educate people , help whites , employ whites , post online , network , keep our neighborhoods safe , etc ... A few weeks ago i started looking into doing that and have got a few pictures and LOADS of mobile numbers so far , reds are just SO naive ! Please try to behave , all of you naughty children . I have not been on much for a couple days , busy at home . Just downloaded the 21 May `` edition '' Great as always Huge thanks ! I'd like to see a report on the unemployment rates and other such things across the UK , compared with places with the highest numbers of immigrants . Ignore the genocide on Serbs , turn your back on your own people . The amount of the Armenians chromosome haplotypes are closer to the England one . I'm 22 years of age and I plan to have 3-4 kids but I do n't feel I can be a father now , I will start have my kids around age 27 . We're letting these creatures flow openly through our air and sea ports and not performing so much as a background test on them . The pay is poor to fair ( you wo n't get rich ) . Many British do n't have the white nation mentality they see a foreigner is a foreigner is a foreigner . I can picture the headlines on Detroit is Crap . Back in 1981 Dusty used to show up in bars in Tampa , where my band was playing , get up onstage with us and sing `` Johnny Be Good '' and `` Long-Haired Country Boy '' , the only two songs he knew . Let 's all stay together . I have to help I WILL NOT see these animals go free !! Looks like quite a few of them picked up a lot of Aryan genes . I believe if your looking you 'll never find true love . Pure . I'm reporting here that I have n't seen or heard anything on talk radio or TV that even hints at Jewish supremacist ethnic cleansing of Whites from USA or Europe . Jeremy Moore was shot and killed at an Oklahoma City apartment complex while delivery a pizza back in November 2008 . looking forward to it how lucky are we to have such gorgeous babies. i could n't survive without my kids ( and i certainly consider them my kids with the personalities they have lol ) I guess me and mine probably throw a bit of a curve in your math then do n't we ? Well I could give you another word for the female version of that part of the anatomy it begins with a C ends with a T and has the letters UN in between , but the language filters wo n't let me A public execution for these animals would go a LONG way to point to justice being done ; it would never bring the girl back ; but I guarantee it would send a message ............................ Cossack: There are no Russians with hook nose and dark hair in Russia , except for the jews . More black-on-white crime : YouTube - Black Students Attack White Man For Eating Dinner With Black Man YouTube - Black Attack On White Hopkins Researcher Planned When they took the cross off the Canadian flag then we were doomed . Dunham is an English name . I m not the only one All para-militaries are just criminal scum !!!! Oh yeah , no mugshot picture on the page of course , you have to watch the video report to find out it was yet another case of TNB . I have been looking for a site like this for 4 months now since I last found one with like 75 Eastern Front propaganda posters . I cant get my head around the big picture of why we are involved . All with an ulterior motive , of course .... Separation is the only answer ! If a person is white and he is a Christian or a Pagan then i consider him as my brother or sister no matter whatever profession he is into . I am in edmonton . She was 27 years old and leaves behind a 5 year old daughter . The Great Northwest Oktoberfest | Whitefish , MT 59937 Join us in beautiful Whitefish , Montana for two weekends of authentic German beer , food , music and fun - Montana-style ! It is stupid Guess this was the Ghetto Express ! A becsület napjás videó nagyon tuti , mindig amikor nézek felvételeket , vagy ismerőseim , barátaim mesélik , hihetetlen sajnálom , h a tanév pont úgy esik , h nem tudok ott lenni ... Also, here is a link to the thread for meeting other people who are interested in defending our race , whether as militants or negotiators . Over a million Whites have left South Africa since the Communist ANC Government came to power . The Juden never stop with the race mixing yet they do n't want it for themselves ....... I dont really like even talking about it , because I fear we will create a division where there is none . Google translate : Google Translate From 1860 to 1990 Canada had brought in over 200,000 immigrants a total of 9 times . Drive and risk an accident being drunk , or walk and certainly get murdered by a kaffir ? 2508 Disgusting ! If it 's brown , flush it down . It has become unbearable and is seriously changing me as a person watching my country be decimated . I agree with everything you said mate , But the thing is with EU immigration we dont have any say in the matter because we have open borders . Well I do hope that he will not get the PM position ... neither do I want SV nor AP in the government ... 14! 88 ! Now there 's a medical advancement to think about . http://www.wavy.com/Global/story.asp?S=6591380http://content.hamptonroads.com/stor ... 5810 & ran = 71385 Let me make it clear I do not like muslims but they are still slavs so they are my brothers , as long as they keep the religion to themselves then there is no problem for me . Woman pulls pistol on loud mouth girl - YouTube My friend lives in Gdansk and he told me almost everyone in his city was white with the exception of some foreign students and a Chinese man who owns a dive bar . I appreciate it . Checkout these lyrics from `` Psychosocial '' : Fake Anti-Fascist Lie I tried to tell you , but your purple hearts are giving out Can t stop a killing idea if it s hunting season Is this what you want ? White Power ! POLICE ARREST MOORE STREET , DUBLIN CITY CENTRE - 1 - YouTube http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = LY-6O4ChVA8 Wait till the blacks riot and and attack cops i give a few years and they will be full scale black riots in Ireland . Perhaps get out and put up some BNP stickers . Homo neanderthalensis was just a dumb negro subspecies of the negroid species and never white-european . This is a video of old postcards of the Upper Silesian city of Bytom ( Beuthen ) . It was carried to Ireland by English Invaders who came to where they were n't wanted to steal Irish land and Irish lives . We are ALL on the same bloddy side ! The reason large white families were encouraged those days was to build up the population of white Germans , which were ravaged by the jewish attacks at them during WW1 and in hyperinflation 1920 's . There 's a name from the past ! Seattle bus attack on a blind woman : YouTube - Broadcast Yourself . All we here an Stormfront Britain are saying is that MASS white immigration is detrimental to OUR nation for the reasons we have given time after time . I can go on forever talking about how to protect White Europe but everyone on stormfront knows my mentality already . Yes I fear that a civil war is our last and only option left in a world ruled by damn antifac 's Why would you want to see this pollution spread further into our gene pool ? Please, put a link to follow the results as long as the count of votes begin ! What else can I do ? I feel like I should pull out my passport when I want into walmart with all the * * * * ing pakis and * * * * in there Live off the island . The work involves : selling sporting goods and assisting customers with questions or problems . It was too much police and security police involving , but you will see in Latvia.Also , all that crap was lasting about some 45 minutes . Going to reah 10k soon ! Good night from Europe . Friesl hg1 0.2273 0.2222 0.4000 0.4279 0.3214 0.2222 0.1908 0.1034 0.0909 0.0882 0.1515 0.0547 0.6323 0.5532 hg2 0.5909 0.5873 0.4286 0.4233 0.5179 0.5778 0.4913 0.5862 0.6136 0.8088 0.4848 0.6244 0.3000 0.3511 hg3 0.0423 0.0929 0.0558 0.0179 0.0333 0.1040 0.1034 0.0227 0.0441 0.0606 0.0249 0.0290 0.0745 Compare the Armenian regions ( Ararat , North , Syunik , KBert bakh ) [ blue ] with England and North German ( Friesl ) [ red ] and Mongols [ yellow ] The Armenians genes mark lg1 , that is , mainly , the modern R1b . Then you are a traitor . it is so good to know there is so many proud white people out there to carry on the fight ! i salute you all . Anyone who want to listen to the broadcast can do so here > > > http://www.drmireland.com/audio.php There 's another broadcast on the 24th , see this message from Michael Quinn : ------------------------------------------ `` Freedom Of ﻿ Speech '' Has PREVAILED ! haha, definitly not injuns . I would' nt even consider these knackers/pykies as Irish as they have no respect for their race or loyalty to Ireland and should be put down like the dogs they are . I was realistic in the first post on this thread ( page1 ) , now this , this is the sexy part of our country . I am to help in anyway i can . It was so great meeting all you guys last night i ca n't believe how many of us managed to hook up `` nearly the entire crew '' see you all in a few days ... There are some slight differences between the two - is one of them geared toward whites in general , and the other toward Dutch/Germans ? [ 85.362 ] [ 228.275 ] March 28 The NBC TV network airs the Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color show , featuring Kilroy , part three . -Nordenwulf I have 2 friends in CS and neither has EVER worked with a black . Maybe I will try later . Also, I think I did a dumb thing by using my real name as a user name ... anyway I can change it ? When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo . It 's `` Brits Out - Everyone Else In '' with them . London is not the place to move to as a white nationalist . I find this BBC story impossible to believe : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4971848.stm Negroes do n't look for latrines , they do their business wherever they happen to be . Well said Ghost but , dont bother with that dude-he is one of those that always has to have the last word so it will just go on and on . Glædelig jul ! What we need to open the eyes of the white population is a major racial conflict .... They do n't like cold weather that much either i hear ! , so that would explain Iceland 's purity.Lets hope global warming is not for real so ! Some of them claim that they would like to go back home one day but after a few years in Finland they will no longer have this wish . That 's every groid 's wish anyways . Keep em on the phone long enough , disagree a little . I wonder when it will end , and when people will have had enough as well . One the Chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over . http://www.kaapeli.fi/~muutosv/http://www.perussuomalaiset.fi/http://snky.cjb.net/ http://www.kolumbus.fi/sinivalkoiset/ It is hard to say what is going to happen however one way or the other I think Whites in South Africa should get out of the country and try to make it to a safer location such as Canada or Australia . Especially I think it 's bad when they bring their children with them to the West , cause in many cases they grow up brainwashed with multicultural and degenerate propaganda like the locals . And all nonsense . [quote=BoyHowdy;8475764] QUOTE ] Killed were Joshua Pennington , 27 , of East Earl Township ; Linda Lapp and her husband , Samuel , both 48 and residents of New Holland ; and Amy Wilhelm , 50 , and her husband Dennis `` Butch '' Wilhelm , 43 , of Manheim Township . I'm just dull sometimes .... Last week the crowd were chucking snowballs at Peter Shilton . CYF First World Status This is your typical Afrikaans music . i am a damn good white woman. perhaps u are looking in all the wrong places. we are not hard to find. and if u treat us right , we usually stick around for a while . It would be great if we could get every last white out of there so no one would be there to fix things . Then when they 're good and pumped up on how awesome they are they 'll be knocking on your door asking you to surrender your guns . Is this true that the descendants of the English settlers are leaving at a significantly different rate than the descendants of the Dutch settlers ? Yep I totally agree , the minute the Jew press see 's the Klan outfits , that 's all they will talk about , and justify the white murders . Voice of sanity speaking at last on SF ! http://www.news4jax.com/news/25976955/detail.html There use to be meetings here then it got down to one a year at folk fest now , I do n't know of any get togethers in South Florida . An ape without a penis will never be able to pass it on to others . It appears that if you are white in South Africa and you are about to be arrested , your fate is far worse than death . I 'll have to reread it a few more times to get it clear but thanks for posting this . Millions upon millions of them , until there is no British culture left . See the pattern . YouTube - Black savages bake puppy alive !! Yes Muslims do breed like vermin , i believe that 's part of their intention to breed out other races in order to make themselves the majority . His full name is Saylum . YouTube - Honesty - Trevor ( Made in Britain ) YouTube - THE DEAD NAZI MARCH YouTube - Ich hatt ' einen http://www.youtube.com/watch ? v = 8U9Sh91htIA Kameraden YouTube - Cross of iron movie intro A Spiritual Transfiguration that will change Everything ! I'm with you on that one brother. that 's why I suggested in my first post that you use Stormfront as a casual second source. the bulk of the people on here use it as a sort of Dungeons and Dragons our fantasy football league and they have no real interest in being active . EdgefieldDaily.com l Wanted Sex Offender Louisiana https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/1wrvtngl Texas https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/BmdWCP8B Florida https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/D87Rv7yJ Montana https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/l76dWhwN Kentucky https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/RskKYzB6 Indiana https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/51jYVZ5L South Carolina https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/KL6qrls8 Georgia https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/pgJ9JLY3 New Jersey https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/RYvjgdDT North Carolina https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/rx1KDYTs Oregon https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... ation/X3kWX8kF Missouri https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/Vd92R3YG Alabama https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/2TvhJSSC Mississippi https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... rnmen/9M9rdL8n Colorado https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/lWDshfl3 North Dakota https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/lqPGbvVl New York https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/RSBkpCf9 Arkansas https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/k6LhPsBX Georgia #2 https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/zXYY751D Michigan https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/022SsMWp Pennsylvania https : //petitions.whitehouse.gov/pet ... nment/kT8FL7Ng That is tall for a lassigie . I am so * * * * ing tired of the moderation on this place . I wanted to run for politics as well but I realized there is no hope as society is way too liberal . Im on youtube trying to find it right now . what sense does it make to have hispanics securing the border. were do you think their loyalties are. with native americans. so let 's support motivated wn s with a good record in becoming border patrol agents . 88 im looking for a white power female for talk and to hang out if you would like to hang out or talk pm me i live in austin texas.looking for a wp girl any where near austin .88 I'm a student at U of A ; God only knows how I got in and why i go to school . Tereasa I had to start a new thread seeing as this thread was no longer functioning properly . Enjoy The claim is that years ago India was a White Mans land mixing with the Negro . In these days , media reported about the group of armed russians in the Caucasus ( supposed to be cossacks ) , which were headind to a chechen refugee camp with `` unknown goals '' . Check out the link in my sig brother . The Bear Sterns Report on Illegal Immigration Stormfront National Vanguard David Duke American Renaissance Am i missing something here ? 14/88 Will someone kindly tell me how to enter my signature ? Funny part was that just when they were singing the only song that was in English , it started to rain and lighting bolt striked into TV antenna that was up just next to the stage - it was blackout for 1 minute and picture came back just when they were finishing that song . Most of these videos belong on the Animal Planet tv channel . How are you mate ? Stoning Cut of their hands Beheading Tyre neck brace Trial by machete e , e I would n't say I 'm looking at things too literally . Wow! And meanwhile , Gerry Gerry Dingleberry is trying to kill off future generations of Irish . I think East Indians may be considered white too because on the census Asian means Oriental as Asia is a HUGE continent . They may be on to something Gay Men Will Marry Your Girlfriends - YouTube P.S. Please do n't bite my head off , this is mostly for entertainment purposes . Sometimes its best to keep your mouth closed ( Boy unknowingly admits to a crime ) - YouTube Typical stupid * * * * * * , inadvertently admits his crime to quibble a small detail . Just to point out : how do you know that your sources do n't have a chip-on-their-shoulder , and an agenda ? Very good . I think we can learn from the mistakes of the past.No one is perfect so no one can have total power . John Joy Tree , I agree with a lot of what you say but I have a few objections . Do you see this symbol any ware ? You can feel there like in 1944 . Hopefully his death will boost support for nationalist groups in all white lands . I find this particularly revolting ...... my late father owned a retail hardware store for awhile .... I was mixing paint at age six ..... and our town , clientele , etc. , was White ... She could just move to the Christian part of Nigeria where there is no Sharia law . I go to school in southeastern ohio now . These are Rapist techniques . This is also a great place for news that you wo n't find anywhere else ; heartbreaking as it may be . To hell with making a stand , i think we should all go to the southwest and go on the offenceive and drive every race down into Mexico . Denmark : 2.3 ( 2001 ) , 1.1 ( 2002 ) , 0.9 ( 2003 ) , 0.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark ! I 've always wanted a log cabin though . Pffffft! And greetings to you as well Brother . Investigators believe that Ewell pretended to be a utility repairman to get into the home of Leamond Turnage , 69 , and his wife Robyn , 57 . I am reminded of a quote I heard from a fellow white nationalist said that you do not clean up a pile of * * * * while being in the middle of it . Japan NUCLEAR REACTOR - RADIOACTIVE STEAM ON VIDEO - 3/11/11 UPDATE 1pm CST -- NOT GOOD ! I was trying to find out if the Egyptians were white or not and my search brought me to a thread on this site . It's going to take everyone working together to beat the New World Order . Absolutely. I live in the Northern Jesery ( Essex ) but i have a Summer house in Ocean County also that im always at . It will be a whole new can o ' worms for the government ..... Have fun trying to convince Europeans to unite under one government after the EU collapses . I clean my own toilet as for public toilets and such there is no dirty work there it is an Economical contribution 2508 If you think that 's funny , you should have seen the black guy that used to run around my home town wearing a kkk emblem.But people like that are usualy not that bright . In several of your posts , you 've managed to show us that you 're not a white nationalist A white nationalist looks out for each others . Apart from that , only a small number of SF members are placed on moderation from time to time . Until you do , anything that you write is worthless to read . A man already accused of killing two women and suspected in the deaths of as many as 30 more was charged with raping and murdering five other victims . That has been proven many times over by the Jew media in the U.S ! This is from the backfile of Stormfront 's Advance Scout , which is solely devoted to promoting the organizing strategy of PLE-Legionism . Probably comes out of Regina . You should always check things like that out before taking it as the truth . I have taken THAT particular test like ten times before . 14Hail Victory88 , Sean Gillespie : attack Trust me they can be defeated . thank you both of you !!!!!! maybe if i would have put on my glasses i would have found it before .... tee hee !!! I was recently in Zaporojie , Ukraine , which has a famous Cossack enclave , where I had the opportunity to dine at a Cossack restaurant and listen to traditional Cossack music played live . Eldritch and myself went early to the harbour , but all the boats were cancelled on account of rough weather . We have a saying in South Africa : As die kop dom is moet die lyf sukkel . I heard that some black people pretend to be ghetto because they have no money and they live in the ghetto . I know a couple of skins/klansmen who live in the HB area . Eric Denson of Springfield pleads innocent to stabbing of Cathedral High School senior Conor Reynolds | Massachusetts Local News - MassLive.com Pretty soon , there 's not going to be anywhere left to run . They are scared of Nationalism between the whites. ( and should be ) BTW Im led to believe that Football [ soccer ] was invented in Somalia , in about 1066 AD . A feher embernek nincs jovoje Kanadaba , az biztos , mert az orszag el van arasztva nem-feher bevandorlokkal . Our house is famous for lots of homemade stuff including the classic home made bread . Melinda Allen 's mother discovered the bodies of her daughter and grandson at the family 's home at 2103 Maple Ave Police : Mother , Son Stabbed , Cut To Death - News Story - WTOV Steubenville video UPDATE : W. V. murder suspect dead in Susq . This truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere . As he went about his dubious deeds he set off the museum s alarm system . Right in the mainstream . Great,i didnt knew you guys opened this thread Their accent will be super funny for you , but this Belgrade Band is singing some of the most famous Irish and Celtic songs . English : I do n't know one nationalist . Just a second and I 'll pipe you all aboard .... Toot-Toot . In order to help increase the booklets downloads , it would be great if all Stormfronters who had YouTube accounts , could display the following text in the description boxes of their uploaded YouTube videos . General1812 I think maybe they now starting to have cold feet ; as the race who have feed them will die out . Or for that matter thinks he is a tree ? YouTube - Shoe Bombers , crotch bombers , 9/11 and Israel Seriously , go somewhere else and have someone else throw a pity party for you . Behind every avatar is an actual person , and we can even meet . Comparing these pictures to pictures with serbs I do n't see much difference between them and albanians , the same Dinaric and Mediterranean subtypes . There have been more people coming on this board that live in the central Wisconsin area since I have started coming on here . Like any new group ; some you 'll like and some you wo n't . - CBS 21 News - Breaking news , sports and weather for the Harrisburg Pennsylvania area I take the assumption that your Nation is so crap is not worth remembering . Greit at du er fornøyd med din Nasjonalitet , det er ikke dèt det er snakk om , så slapp av , kamerat !! And with that I will bid you all good night . Did they put that Groid 15 next to Rooney just to make Rooney look at least half-human ? On the other hand point to anything he posted as not to be the absolute truth . I just refer to them as primates as through THEIR evolution process they are just a little bit higher on the evolutionary chain which makes them all the more dangerous to whites , than any of their animalistic cousins . I feel sorry for the little sister , but maybe she was saved from becoming a wigger herself if you look at the older sister 's example . I am 1,96 meters tall , and I can pass as a Norwegian or Danish guy . Getting someone else to do our dirty work got us into the mess we are in today . To all white patriots , watch ENDGAME ALEX JONES , OR ENDGAME from PRISON PLANET , and learn the agenda from the criminals Jewish bankers . Any NS government that has them views are dangerous to their own people because they would decide who is worthy and unworthy and would make them king maker to decide that . These videos are great in that they are just long enough to get in all that is needed on a particular subject and just short enough to keep it on point and interesting . Everyone I have spoken to is opposed to multiculturalism and not ONE party in Ireland will do anything about it or listen to people . Since when is Die Stem racist ? Negro? Im just glad there is a platform for us like minded whites to talk openly about the troubles we face without being dragged through the courts on hate charges .. What I do know is that I live on a small Island and it seems that a lot of people from various countries in the world are willing to desert their homelands and their families just to come here , in my mind that tells me a lot about said people and their home countries , most of all it highlights their weaknesses of how their own countries have let them down and how they feel the need to feed off somebody elses country , how should we English interpret this without sounding rude ??? , locust ??? , parasite ??? , you tell me . Good going libtards , you ruined Rhodesia . I had an Irish boyfriend for 3 years once and he used to laugh about how in ireland you never saw black people .I guess things have changed a lot in 10 odd years We stopped and looked at each other like `` WTF ??! Its also worth noting that the days of the week in English are very strongly influenced by Viking occupation of the British Isles . sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street Remember every one , we are Europeans and our success tract record says it all I have long loved Tchaikovsky ballets and Mussorgsky operas and now I enjoy Russian traditional music as well . If I feel threatened especially by these fools you can bet I 'll be just as quick to kill as they are . Edit: alright , I did it ... Exactly if there was a network of devoted white nationalists across Canada there 's no knowing what we could actually accomplish . I can picture him as that baby monkey on the ' save the rainforest comercial or whatever Personally I think the Nordic royalities should marry other Nordic ( or Germanic ) people , although I did n't watch it on TV or do I have nothing against Mary or Australians . However , in per-capita rates , U.S. legal immigration is at about 3 per 1,000 annually , while for Canada it 's about 7 . And then there are those who would settle for having their boredom aleviated by chatting with a white woman via an instant messenger service . Perhaps you should x2 the number of mods so this pathetic situation can be fixed . Well as far as I know , the origins of the white race and our sub groups are a big unknown that we have been trying to uncover for a very long time . It is an extremely cruel act against the poor Vodka-bottle forcing it to spend it 's time forever close to a jew . UPDATE 1pm CST ! I just believe Kitchener , the once overwhelmingly white city has been ruined . Police believe that the couple was likely killed Thursday afternoon . i would like to see them , they are one of my all time faves ! At this point I will assume the media is lying about everything other than a Negro being arrested for his murder . That or they where just lazy and did n't want to digg two graves for a fallen soldier . I think the circumstances surrounding his death are very suspicious . It will be the same story in another fifteen years . Does Ireland have a party that is similar to our BNP in the UK ? Sadly, I think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land . She may or may not be a Jew but she 's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks wo n't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet ! I hope the Ukrainians become experts in identifing all the toxic mushrooms springing up . You mean Warsaw Uprising Museum . Liberal is just the PC word for Rapist . It sounds like you are at the very beginning of the immigration problem . LOL I agree , we need groups like this in most white nations to protect our own against attack by hostile ethnic groups who lets face it do n't like white people .. Actually , I was responding to a Swiss person whose message is close to the beginning of the thread . The only time I will be willing to sacrifice that is in a fight for Ireland or a fight to defend Ireland . Cut out the chip and soda , candy and sweet drinks Spend 2hr s 3days a week in gym . However I cannot name all of these certain characteristics because I am neither an anthropologist or a geneticist . For more on The Knight 's Party . And I also hope that thing like that is not gonna happen with our brothers from Belarus and Ukraine , who are also working illegaly on construction jobs . Most white girls are taught and brainwashed to love black guys , only way is to properly educate them and show them what savages they truly are . And I thought this was slavic thread let 's continue about slavic countries and heritage , it 's not all about dispute between greece and rep.macedonia , no offence . No, it`s untrue . Hi i have not been on here in ages . Hello. Wolf 278 A very warm welcome to you from us all at SF Britain . JJT, have you been talking to my kids about how I run my house ? Or are the CIA and FSB on the same team ? http://www.tau.ac.il/Anti-Semitism/a...-4/ireland.htm I was a Right Sector supporter but it starts to sound as if they are in fact just Israeli agents ...... On that momentous day , this December 2012 : IMPERIUM EUROPA WAS LAUNCHED On The Sacred Island of Melita : At a Sacred Space , a Sacred Site , a Solar Temple : Pre-Christian , thousands of years old High ground greeting the Rising Sun Mystical Aura . Hi, just joined the forums and looking forward to joining in the discussions with fellow white nationalists and having some interesting debates , good to be here amongst friends Thewhitewolf88 You are very handsome and your attitudes about your daughter are right where they should be ! So even if it was shown n a bad light I would hope it would bring lots more new members as the time has come to show the non white races that we can only take so much before we raise up As Americans realize that they don t need a $ 5 Starbucks latte , IKEA knickknacks , Jimmy Cho shoes , Rolex watches , granite counters and stainless steel appliances , our mall-centric world will end . Now learn your ballet ! : P - Zoë I am sorry but it is the truth . I was the child from hell , littlehatekitten and my son is one of the most well behaved children I have ever seen . ...for a giant zoo toy erected on the playground of a `` Christian '' school : Freiburg West : Neues Klettergerüst : MIT EINER SPENDE - badische-zeitung.de Your american government does n't want us whites . Hispanic: A woman threw her 2 1/2-year-old granddaughter several stories to her death from a walkway at a shopping mall http://www.news4jax.com/video/25962136/index.html negro : -- Police arrested a 17-year-old who they said burglarized a home over the Thanksgiving weekend . About 1000 of Israely military specialists voluntary ( they say so ) served in Georgian army.To prepare the assault on Tshinvaly . The country with the most significant `` baby-boom '' is Estonia ( TFR from ~ 1,2 in 1998 to ~ 1,7 in this year ) : http://pub.stat.ee/px-web.2001/Dialo...Births/&lang=1AlsoCzechRep.hasitsfertilityratesignificiantlyincreased:http://www.czso.cz/eng/csu.nsf/informace/aoby032008.doc Denmark and Norway in this year probably will have record high TFR level since early 1970 's . I expect nobody disagrees ? All those evil irish ignorant racists 2508 The churches also used to operate hospitals . I saw it on friday Thats just about the right impression ( i believe ) one should have about them . I hope they continue . When the tea party people have a event and very few minorities show up its the White tea party people who are racist . The last time I heard of anyone beating anyone up is when the guys down in miami from wctoc were arrested for doing there duty . It's best to ignore individuals like that . I hope that in Sunday we will have a healthy nationalist goverment . I plan on making a trip to Kalispell in early August . looking for a white only female for friendship or more .must have strong moral background and a sound beleif in the white race.lets talk . David Duke is the best W N that can speak the truth with the media that hates him.Obama sould return to Africa and help out his own people.Updates on WWW.DAVIDDUKE.COM And it 's not my fault the BNP is run by a gangster . A wind of change is starting to blow . It seems anytime issues like this are highligted in the Irish Media immigrants in the long run end up staying in Ireland . The rest is tatar . And im sure theres a lot more people that would do the same . Another reason it might say so in the Census is because whites like me refused to fill out the census , to deliberately help skew it towards whinorities . Still like to watch the old Big Match Revisited programmes from 30 years ago showing on ITV4 . Hello Thomas & welcome to SFBritain Good to have another young lad on board .. have a look through the youth section , good info . Work overseas for about 5 years . Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare . Blacks and Muslims are the majority . This is just the tip of the iceberg . You can forget about the IRA . Baby steps . I like going to the gym and doing anything athletic . http://www.irishdemocrat.co.uk/anonn...ous-mysticism/http://www.midnet.ie/connolly/irishd...ndecjan98.htmlsinnfein/i.r.a.visitAuschwitz:http://www.utvinternet.com/newsroom/ ... ? id = 52367 & pt = n In this text there is a table of how they are going to destroy our culture and implement their communist state . They should be executed forthwith and publically . Thank you for everything ... I seen Chingford do Dirty Bastard UGH what a horrible cover .. Interesting . It's their birth rate that people always forget . Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth . [ 85.362 ] [ 228.275 ] man as that video went along i got more and more fearful that there would be a tag at the end stating all in the video had been assaulted or murdered. glad it turned out better than that . It was until Kveldulf saw fit to open it up again with his unnecessary comments . Please feel free to pm me or email me anytime . From your one time enemies , and now eternal allies , the English They feel the need to close down a prison full of terroris / people who aided in the killing of our soldiers and scatter them all around the world. ?????????????????? What would you have done instead ? If the example of Bradford and London are anything to go by , it wo n't go well . R1b is the most common haplotypes defining the Europeans I will go to sleep now , as I have to wake up reasonably early this morrow . Just came from that nonsense posting Did my part . We should have a giant celebration with a large number of White Nationalists present and let the world know we do not appreciate Nelson Mandela and his long history of being anti-White . Yeah if I can get time off work for it . Like it or not , and I certainly do n't , but Ireland , especially NI is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists . I run a small crew of Skinheads in the Vancouver / Portland area . They 're music is one of the reasons I decided to become a white nationalist in the first place . Just got the Gmail account , having trouble getting good results on Google news , where else can I look ? They 're probably as high-maintenance as one of those crappy old East German Trabants , though . And my job lets me monitor all of Jewish supremacist control of talk radio . Its comes when u least expect it ... there 's always someone out there for everyone.that 's my belief . We are not fighting against white immigrants though many British are getting angry at them taking their jobs etc . `` Final fried chicken delivery truck leaves for Detroit ( never to be seen again ) . '' I have nothing against that but in logical numbers.I do n't want to loose our subracial or our ethnic intedity.But i prefer mixed marriages among white people than race mixed marriages ! WPWW ! The company I work for is in need of qualified help . Non-whites like crowded conditions not wide open spaces . All i have to say is none of this crap that is happening in the world is going to change unless people on a large scale actually stand up and say no we have had enough and drag the scum in the streets and deal with them in a most violent way . Are only chapter right now is in the Fraser Valley near Vancouver but were looking to open chapters all over Canada . You should be able to answer that yourself , you 've done it several times . I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals . Exposed man charged with risk of injury Found with child in car Just another day in da hood .... It just goes to show that the IRA are just criminals and not freedom fighters as they claim . It is also what i and almost everyone on this thread dream about and work for after all it is the only asurance the Aryan people have for survival I honestly hope that we dont directly involve ourselves anymore . Are you shore ? I hope you enjoy the celebrations as much as I did , remember people - Multiculturalism works Racism does n't Pakistani celebrating 20/20 jeet Tooting - YouTube I'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave Up until then we were part of Europe . I looked up his mothers maiden name and it 's Dunham according to my sources . Pizza Delivery Driver Shot In Parking Lot - Oklahoma City News Story - KOCO Oklahoma City Teen Found Guilty in Murder of Pizza Delivery Driver - News9.com - Oklahoma City , OK - News , Weather , Video and Sports | I've posted a thread in Stormfront Latin to help spread the WNPS and too see if we can get more translations . I still want to know what you have accomplished ? Please e-mail or IM me . Ive been around here for four years and seen almost no class divide . Also i would have no problem if Spain sent back the hundreds of thousands of Brits back home we dont have a right to flood a country like that with our folk . The video about the `` Day of honour '' , is really cool . In South Africa crime is out of hand and the Whites are bearing the brunt . It ai n't right unless it 's White . I find that video disturbing at best . Blacks woman pulls gun on bus because another woman was talking too loud on the phone ... a black man difuses the situation ... Wouldn't you be embarrassed to wear on your head , against your will , a mock foreskin in the eyes of the world ? We have a National party in Canada they are just not that recognized yet. check out Nationalist Party of Canada and support ! I go to van city at least once a year . Angela Spain was murdered in her home by a drifter negro . Make sure you have a security team for Justin Barrett whenever he speaks in public in case the unwashed scum try anything again . Sept 26-28 & Oct 3-5 , 2013 The Great Northwest Oktoberfest - Pioneer Little Europe Community Information & Discussion The Great Northwest Oktoberfest - Pioneer Little Europe Community Information & Discussion I'm sure I heard that many Catholic churches in Ireland are experiencing large numbers again thanks to the growing Polish populations . Pm me so we can chat further if you wish . Well I talk to her because no one else writes here except her and me , you only write here when she says something stupid , if I did n't write to her this place would just die off . Vancouver ( Burnaby , Richmond , Surrey ) I guarantee are worse than Calgary . But one cannot deny that the greatest responsibility for this war goes to France and Great Britain , after all those are those two nations who have declared war in Germany ... Everyone on SF Britain respects other Europeans we just wish our politicians would do some think about this immigration problem we have just look at London its madness . I am looking for like-minded brothers and sisters in the Central New York state area who are looking to come together and form a racially aware society . The doctors of ju-ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by White people in cities built by White people . According to the Russian census there are only some tens of thousands of Chinese in Russia , but it is thought that groups like the Chinese avoided inclusion in the census . If it 's black , send it back . Every time , when i watch these videos , or my friends , mates tells me about it , i always feel bad about , that i have to be here , becouse of the university ... Beuthen - Großstadt im oberschlesischen Kohlenrevier - YouTube http://rnebarkashov.ru/foto/ff009.jpg BAH!!Your not ugly your a lovely looking woman and if you want to see ugly wait till I get my ugly mug on here and see why im still single ! Scientists portray neanderthals as whites because they 're politically correct and scientifically incorrect . She probably gets the food for her food kiosk from the garbage site , and she does n't want to carry it far . The BNP gained three times the votes it had in last election . Bloody hell kondor _ RNU , this is excellent mate ! Yeah, Des Moines . I work downtown Montreal but live off the island out in the country . Yeah, but I should mention that a few places there , like Beaver Falls and Aliquippa , are chock-full of filthy -- and I mean filthy -- n*** * * s . 2508 I havent seen a white security gaurd for years.although i did see a black security gaurd chasing a lithuanian shoplifter a few weeks ago it was hilarious.i was waiting to cross the road when i saw this guy run from the shop with a bag full of meat and cheese , he got two steps out of the shop and tripped up the bag fell in the road with the shoplifter almost getting run over , he got straight up and run like the wind chased by security ( who failed to catch the thief ) All I can do is hope and take care of my white family by working hard and makeing money so we can all be comfortable for Christmas . Aragorn Thank the Gods she has chosen to go with her own kind . It does n't matter whether it is in Greek . Yeah, Hell on earth . I'm on yer side . Dusty Rhodes ?! Another bus attack , also in Seattle ( click on link to access video ) : Local News | Seattle bus video shows attack on passenger ; suspect has 50 arrests | Seattle Times Newspaper Excellent idea . Hail Celtic Dawn Thanks to everyone who listened to the radio show last night and apologies for the delay ( it was blocked by ubroadcast for a time ) . That 's the Norweigian black metal band Emperor . i met my wife at the gun range which i was manager of at the time , a woman who shoots guns and hunts is a keeper for sure .. Thank you for the update . My email is in my profile . I tried to click on your link and see your pictures , but there was nothing . I feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe . I'm having a hard time believing this . hey i definitly know what your going through. i am a reserve officer in my town just so i can bust the * * * * * * crack dealers. i have no better enjoyment than to watch one squirm before he is sent up the river. my town is mostly * * * * * * s so you already know i am a very busy officer Thank you very much for your contribution ! [ 85.362 ] [ 228.275 ] April 4 The NBC TV network airs the Walt Disney 's Wonderful World of Color show , featuring Kilroy , part four . Because there are kosher Nationalist and pseudo Conservatives mate that is all there is to it , It 's sad to see Fake Nationalist parties defame an actual Nationalist revolution . Yep That Is a great Movie But My favorite Is Утомленные солнцем I was actualy wacing it yesturday A verry verry Powerful Film 2508 As it is , now they get free meals and watch TV all day with the tax payer footing the bill . Sooner or later the black one will say `` mother * * * * er '' or `` madick '' . My Norwegian uncle has been visiting , and he has shared with us some things about Christmas celebrated in Norway ... We are fighting a war so lets show em Let the slaughter begin ...... : attack In central London you will really struggle to see a white British person . Funny how they cant send someone to get pics of this so called Nazi gang attacking people in the city centre , sounds like more hype and nonsense . If interested email me at claw9165@yahoo.com Please advise . there's no need for me to say anything ... all is said in the image of thaat old white guy in the end of one of the first videos . The future is ours , as long as we do not sit by and wait to be overrun by the subhumans . Read more : Charges in deadly wreck that killed 5 motorcyclists - LancasterOnline.com News Crash takes injured woman 's fiancé , mom - LancasterOnline.com News LOL But yes , it does sound like a great plan . If it was n't then it meant that those same Celts went through some serious racial degradation before Europeans really started arriving . Robbie is funny and I have no problems with him . no, no. the immigrants stayed out of the ROI until taoiseach charlie haughey opened up our economy in the early 1990s . Thanks for the commentary Mjodr , now I 'm getting excited ! The gas thing is there so strict on Immigration in China Were Whites to leave in large numbers leaving few Whites behind in South Africa the country would start going down hill and then maybe more Whites would begin to see what losers Negros are and how they cannot even maintain what is given to them . Yeah I think they 'd be much better off back home . This video on british becoming a minority is so awful ill never watch it again . Pity Nationalists in Britain are busy fighting each other as opposed to uniting and pushing the cause to a wider audience . YouTube - DOG SET ON FIRE WHILE GIVING BIRTH YouTube - Animal Abuse at Child Care Center In Chicago Ghetto -Zoë My sympathies to all of you . saysay.jpg say say with a candle 2.jpg This is my nearly 3 year old cat called Say-Say . I believe these apes may be on to something by chopping off penises to cure aids . What alternative do you have other than kill the black policeman and every black cop you can until they get you . Personally, I think this whites becoming the minority thing is being used by our enemies to discourage white voter turn out . So as long as immigrants behave and respect British culture they can stay . Very informative . Hear hear ! Last I checked though , there are more Europeans being raped by non Europeans in Europe than there have been in Canada Is this the Obama Civilian Defense Force under a different name ? Did anyone else see that Guinness Black Lager commercial ? That is why I asked for I figured you would be eithre very wee or very not so wee . I wonder if we 'll see any pictures of cops with garlands round their necks dancing with the natives this year ? The moderation is so slow that this board is borderline trash . They will vote in a conservative but when the conservative does anything conservative the marxist left label the conservative as an idiot or a racist . Mall owners and commercial developers will be hit particularly hard . I do n't know who to support anymore ................ Wait when did he single you out and call you a racist do you know him or have talk to him in person ? We do n't need such scum . welcome to mass. its been awhile since i have ben on but i am from milton , just south of boston. if looking for a friend send me a message . Anyways if you wanna party respond . See the new thread @ https : //www.stormfront.org/forum/t989503/ As a white nationalist I personally would not pay to watch the likes of that drug addict Amy Winehouse or scum like Rage Against The Machine . I would say bro since no one responded thats not a good sign hehehe Talk to you soon and I hope your brother is doing good ! Nasty.. If you want to start doing something productive for your race you can start by posting Mantra . sorry sisters and brothers but she lie to you she was not what she said she was fake used me and a other brother the same time so watch her ? say safe goldeboy 88 To Hell with Planet X ! Number One : The white race is a biological division of the human species ( obviously ) , and to qualify as white you must have certain physical and genetic charcateristics . 1year 3months later 194lbs I could be wrong on that because I 've not actually seen the census form but only heard about it . Check out this interview : http://findarticles.com/p/articles/m ... _ 7576181/pg _ 5/ Please do n't use the fallacy of authority either . Greetings were looking to recruit new members for the United Front or start a new chapter in Surrey/Van we are only in the Valley right now pm if interested . Hats off to the Knight 's Party ! Hi I just popped in for a minute to say a quick ' Hello ' to The Gamekeeper from a friend in Belfast . Oh I do n't know ..... Look at the possibility 's for the sentence if we use their values ... I see no reason to believe that the verse says anything other then it 's God doing those things . Do you mean there is one classroom in Norway which has only one white child in it ? This thread makes me thankful that I will be homeschooling my children . cant seem to find it where abouts on the site is it ? all i can get is the thing on football hooliganism Yes, you are fine . A has been from a genre called `` grunge rock '' AKA sheety music popular around 20 years ago I did n't like them then and now ... same consensus Pearl Jam - Jeremy - YouTube Its a huge country with each tribe and religion having their own province . MUCH NICER down here. e mail me sometime They are culturally raping european countries in every way . As the saying goes , you can take the ape out of the jungle , but you ca n't take the jungle out of the ape . Find Your Soul Paint 14/88 WPWW Erik Some of the first symbols used to portray the sun god is a circle with a cross inside . I notice that on television , almost EVERY time I see a judge it is a negro ... this is simply not coincidence . And it ai n't your daddy 's New World Order either , more like a Jew World Order . Where in South Jesery are you ? Let's not start spreading those Croatian lies about Serbs being mixed with Gypsy 's and Turks , look we are both Christian white Slavs . When the new hybrid mulattos reach a critical mass they will not want to be identified as negroes anymore and will seek special status as mulattos . Is it that hard to comprehend that your plan is Utopian ? We should be able to have guns in the UK most of the criminals have them so why not we need to protect ourselfs as well ! Authorities said Ewell was caught on surveillance footage trying to use the couple 's stolen ATM card at a gas station on the day of the killings . This attack on a young boy should be condemned by all who post on this site . it does n't matter if the lad is Catholic or Protestant such an attack has no place in any white communities . Japan NUCLEAR REACTOR - RADIOACTIVE STEAM ON VIDEO - 3/11/11 YouTube - UPDATE 1pm CST ! Thank you for your kind words , hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon . If all of this was true , you would not be beaten in every battle in I , II Balkan war and in WWI by us . Thus , shockingly , Canada may actually achieve a non-white majority before the U.S. does . same over here in australia. the entire melbourne taxi system is filled with indians and africans. its funny that there are no calls for diversity in the taxi industry Ive seen that crap too , and thought WTF ? I'm not too sure how the Strawbale House would do during the harsh New England winter weather . One day , brother ... one day . What I find to be a joke is that someone would take it seriously and post absolute nonsense and crap about this site , without checking it out first . I've been looking for a proud Aryan women to help me in the distribution of literature and for a long term relationship . Your right the white race will have to fight or go under.For the Irish goverment dont piss down our backs and tell us its raining . All new posters are under moderation to start with , but this is lifted fairly quickly . You need to post less and learn more . Hell I 'd rather clean a dozen tiolets a day then have to walk into a bathroom and see some mongrel standing there with a mop giving me a glassy-eyed stare . http://www.nytimes.com/2009/09/24/us ... er = rss & emc = rss The poor sod was srceaming the whole time . Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone , they have no proffesionalism whatsoever . Their lies are so thick and many that people do n't see the truth when it is in front of them ! For example , on the second day of the week , the Brits celebrated the God `` Tyr '' ( Tyrsday ) ; on the third day of the week , they celebrated the God Odin , known in Saxon as `` Wodin '' ( Wodinsday ) ; on the fourth day of the week , they celebrated Thor ( Thorsday ) and on the fifth day of the week celebrated Frigg ( Friggsday ) . White person ! `` before hurrying to catch the TTC out of Scarborough . You 've managed to do the total opposite and created meaningless arguments that will get us nowhere . Another piece of media propaganda is on the TV now . Photos: Conor Reynolds funeral | masslive.com SPRINGFIELD Eric B. Denson is charged with murder in the fatal stabbing of Reynolds , 17 , a Cathedral High School senior and soccer star , during a birthday party on March 13 at the Blue Fusion Bar & Grill at 487 St. James Ave . I base this post on the fact that I live a few hundred yards from the house I was born in and have never felt the desire to suck the milk from anything other than an English nipple . I guess whites will either have to start fighting back or be slowly exterminated . Cheers But that 's just a rumour There are a crap load of people from so cal and a whole bunch just went to a show last weekend . Men det ser ut som om du er litt usikker m.h.t deg selv når du ' frågar ' om nesen din .......... This means if the mind is stupid the body must suffer . Just saying . The story here is that a none to bright thief tried to break into the East London Museum . I 've seen it happen . Bye . Like I 've said before , Kevin Myers has always been a voice for us here in Ireland . Because the news section can get VERY depressing and this thread provides comical relief , I can always count on this thread for a laugh when I need one . YouTube - Orthodox Celts - Star Of The County Down Look at this cultural incongruity from Plymouth . VIDEO : Plymouth celebrates St George 's Day with music and dancing in the streets | This is Plymouth Can a mod also change the thread title so it says the 10th ? dont want people showing up 10 days late They ca n't survive without us , but they do us nothing but harm . Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization . There are other ' Games ' , similar to the first you described , eg : 1 ] FIFA , and 2 ] The British FA ...... I 'm sorry , I 've only got this Kazoo but ' ' Welcome Aboard ' ' just the same . I have no idea of how many might be here . Also, it 's so sad to see so much pre made crap in their grocery buys . When anyone is ready we are now taking reservations on lots as we speak first come first served contact me for more info .